Don't let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary, we would all be much better off!
ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!
My wife, Melania, will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting, big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina.
Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.
Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple!
You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news!
Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U․S․. Congress. RIGGED!
Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!
Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!
Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!
We are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states!
I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!
Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon!
Just out: Neera Tanden, Hillary Clinton adviser said, “Israel is depressing.” I think Israel is inspiring!
Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare!
If my people said the things about me that Podesta & Hillary's people said about her, I would fire them out of self respect. "Bad instincts"
A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!
REPEAL AND REPLACE!!! #ObamaCareInThreeWords
Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary can't! #ObamacareFailed
We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Don't let them fool you- get out and vote! #DrainTheSwamp on November 8th!
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!
Wow, just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!
The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U․S․ is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!
Well, Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesn't happen if I'm president!
"If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House" A statement made by Mrs․ Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton
The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!
Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow, to Gettysburg!
The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times.
Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary.
That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and that’s what you’ll get if you vote for Hillary. #BigLeagueTruth
I started this campaign to Make America Great Again. That’s what I’m going to do. #MAGA #debate
USA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. We need change! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
Bernie Sanders on HRC: Bad Judgement. John Podesta on HRC: Bad Instincts. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
Moderator: “Respectfully, you won’t answer the pay-to-play question.” #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Our country is stagnant. We’ve lost jobs and business. We don’t make things anymore b/c of the bill Hillary’s husband signed and she blessed
I will renegotiate NAFTA. If I can’t make a great deal, we’re going to tear it up. We’re going to get this economy running again. #Debate
Moderator: Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Hillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions, no ideas, no credibility.She supported NAFTA, worst deal in US history. #Debate
One of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border. #Debate #MAGA
Drugs are pouring into this country. If we have no border, we have no country. That’s why ICE endorsed me. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
The 2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Ready to lead. Ready to Make America Great Again. #Debate #MAGA
I will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's #debate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I will sign the first bill to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?
We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!).
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!
Can't believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!
Wow, interview released by Wikileakes shows "quid pro quo" in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person - & Paul Ryan does zilch!
Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!
Paul Ryan, a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago), must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc.
The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!
A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy! #MAGA
Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!
Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country.
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary!
100% fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign, may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!
Dem Gov․ of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you! OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLL Trump 42% Clinton 41%
Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.
I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach, Florida at noon. Tune in!
Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the "incident" in her story. Because it did not happen!
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
The very foul mouthed Sen․ John McCain begged for my support during his primary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!
Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don’t know how to win - I will teach them!
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!
Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!
Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee
Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!
Our country has the slowest growth since 1929. #BigLeagueTruth #debate
This country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama! #Debate
We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive, comprehensive, affordable system. #debate #MAGA
Hillary’s 33,000 deleted emails about her daughter’s wedding. That’s a lot of wedding emails. #debate
Basically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true. #CrookedHillary
If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies.
There’s never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintons’ actions were far worse
I’m not proud of my locker room talk. But this world has serious problems. We need serious leaders. #debate #BigLeagueTruth
It’s this simple. “Make America Great Again.” #debate #BigLeagueTruth
My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonight's #debate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!
Tremendous support (except for some Republican "leadership"). Thank you.
Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!
The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly - I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! #MAGA
Certainly has been an interesting 24 hours!
Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful.
EARLY VOTING: MN & IA already underway, more states coming up in the next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN — check w/local officials for details & VOTE!
Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy', 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'. Thanks Bill for telling the truth.
The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!
Both are looking good! Now we begin!
Here we go - Enjoy!
I will be live-tweeting the V․P․. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!
Just announced that Iraq (U.S․) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States, in Israel, and around the world.
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.
I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!
Heading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio & sound level was very bad. So why didn't they fix it?
I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided "spin" that followed. This despite the really bad microphone.
For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!
The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas & Arizona papers & now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!
Remember, don't believe "sources said" by the VERY dishonest media. If they don't name the sources, the sources don't exist.
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U․S․ citizen so she could use her in the debate?
Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.
Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U․ Hillary floated her as an "angel" without checking her past, which is terrible!
Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying "sources said," DO NOT believe it. There are no sources, they are just made up lies!
My condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.
Every on-line poll, Time Magazine, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox & Friends for so reporting!
In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day, and we’re still going! Thank you America! #MAGA
Well, now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but last night the big debate. Nice!
Hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon - thank you!
I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?
Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on #Benghazi. #Debates2016 #debatenight
Really sad news: The great Arnold Palmer, the "King," has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed.
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N․C․ riots!
Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10:00 A․M․
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!
Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!
Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had, including Never Trump, all farmers & sm. biz, by saying she’ll tax estates at 65%.
Hopefully the violence & unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured, get well soon. We need unity & leadership.
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!
Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.
Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country & its people- how did he get thru system?
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!
Under the leadership of Obama & Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!
I would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC.
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U․S․ is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama.
Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!
Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!
I am now going to the brand new Trump International, Hotel D․C․ for a major statement.
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
Just got back from Asheville, North Carolina, where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you! #MAGA
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all!
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!
Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!
Just returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible.
It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails & the veteran who said she should be in jail.
With Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Peña Nieto.
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as #POTUS.
"A rough night for Hillary Clinton" ABC News.
Wow, reviews are in - THANK YOU!
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
Mainstream media never covered Hillary’s massive “hacking” or coughing attack, yet it is #1 trending. What’s up?
As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.
China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama "the son of a whore." Terrible!
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. She was very special!
President Obama & Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the "C" markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?
To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. I will fix it, VOTE "T"
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
Crooked Hillary's V․P․ pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!
I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!
People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to #MAGA!
Poll numbers way up - making big progress!
Mexico will pay for the wall!
Great trip to Mexico today - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana, and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D․C․. She was forced to go elsewhere
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!
Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE!
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue.
I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?
Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers.
Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border & WALL!
Will be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great! #ImWithYou
How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth "SUPER PREDATORS" - Has she apologized?
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the African-American & Hispanic communities
Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promise
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!
Hillary Clinton strongly stated that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!
It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact, that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!
Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas.
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!
We will bring America together as ONE country again – united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. #MAGA
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!
#WheresHillary? Sleeping!!!!!
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana & another speech tonight in MI.
They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U․S․Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
"Stay on message" is the chant. I always do - trade, jobs, military, vets, 2nd A, repeal Ocare, borders, etc - but media misrepresents!
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
It is not "freedom of the press" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres․
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!
I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't!
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!
Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas. #LESM
Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and #2A - sad & irrelevant!
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?
I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U․S․ a mess!
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U․S․ because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P․M․. Enjoy!
Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C․I․A․, and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!
The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea, nuclear, "the baby" and so much more. Very dishonest!
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!
Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and other things!
Anybody whose mind "SHORT CIRCUITS" is not fit to be our president! Look up the word "BRAINWASHED."
Crooked Hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she "SHORT CIRCUITED" when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!
There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
When will CNN do a segment on Hillary’s plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays & refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary…that's really saying something!
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!
When I said in an interview that Putin is "not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down," I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!
This story is not about Mr․ Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U․S․. Get smart!
Mr․ Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T․V․ doing the same - Nice!
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?
I was viciously attacked by Mr․ Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!
Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our "leaders" to eradicate it!
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP 32.2 MILLION. CLINTON 27.8 MILLION. Thank you!
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Wow, NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!
The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!
Crooked's stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VP
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!
Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two "Big Thursdays" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!
Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars, NAFTA/TPP support & Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country.
As usual, Hillary & the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement & insticts.
I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!
Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V․P․ pick!
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
Crooked Hillary said that I "couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her!
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town! #NeverHillary
"Little" Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!
General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD #NeverHillary
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world.
Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees.
President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. #DNC
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic
Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!
As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv.
Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!
For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia.
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!
Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS & her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
Bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch.
Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.
Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V․P․ a joke!
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War.
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. #MAGA
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, that's all! They laughed at Bernie.
If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same.
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS & all others laughing!
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, she's out!
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive & well!
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wild
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!
Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders "political revolution." He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V․P․, is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT
The Crooked Hillary V․P․ choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED
Pocahontas wanted V․P․ slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!
Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?
Another attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich.
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!
Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!
I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!
Arena was packed, totally electric!
Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
Watching the #GOPConvention #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V․P․. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails.
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!
Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife, Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud! #GOPConvention
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, Melania. Place looks beautiful!
President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didn't lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V․P․. Then we can litigate her fraud!
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
As the days and weeks go by, we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U․S․. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over
Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V․P․ introduction tomorrow in New York City.
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A․M․
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O & Hillary!
#NeverTrump is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way!
In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement.
Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse.
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with NAFTA.
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
If I win the Presidency, we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
The Republican platform is most pro-Israel of all time!
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Justice Ginsburg of the U․S․. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals & global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first.
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!
Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!
This election is a choice between law, order & safety - or chaos, crime & violence. I will make America safe again for everyone. #ImWithYou
For too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need.
Crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!
Thoughts and prayers with the victims, and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan.
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country, I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami.
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
After today, Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary.
Just leaving D․C․. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N․C․
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A․C․. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, Airport - and destroyed City
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago, great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies.
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement.
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team "were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information." Not fit!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U․S․. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with "murder." Come November 8, she's out!
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win
FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! #RiggedSystem
The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual, bad judgment.
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is "guilty as hell" but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33,000 missing e-mails?
The only people who are not interested in being the V․P․ pick are the people who have not been asked!
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!
In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U․S․A․G․. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U․S․A․G․ in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting "go away, no pictures."
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U․S․A․G․ talked only about "grandkids" and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?
"THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!"
On Saturday a great man, Elie Wiesel, passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U․S․A․G․ to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged & corrupt!
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U․S․A․G․ was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release
Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.
Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Will the world ever realize what is going on? So sad.
Hillary Clinton’s Presidency would be catastrophic for the future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It just never seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton.
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong), watch November
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U․S․. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage.
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls!
People in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did = lie! Was there to support son
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call.
George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party.He's made many bad calls
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget!
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. #AmericaFirst
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U․K․. All talk, no action!
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #ImWithYou
Many people are equating BREXIT, and what is going on in Great Britain, with what is happening in the U․S․. People want their country back!
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free & ind UK. We stand together as friends, as allies, & as a people w/a shared history.
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see.
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day, especially when added to the brave & brilliant vote.
Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!
Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!
Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
On immigration, I’m consulting with our immigration officers & our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street.
Obama & Clinton should stop meeting with special interests, & start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration.
Hillary Clinton’s open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans. #Imwithyou
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama." -- Donald J․ Trump
"Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency." -- Donald J․ Trump
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been "disqualifying."
Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. #Imwithyou
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest.
If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty & judgment, ask the family of Ambassador Stevens.
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays.
I am "the king of debt."That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U․S․
Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as Secretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs.
Hillary says this election is about judgment. She's right. Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy.
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!
In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today, all over the great State of Texas!
I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
AMERICA FIRST!
American must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening.
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
I will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P․M․
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough
Reporting that Orlando killer shouted "Allah hu Akbar!" as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade.
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don't want congrats, I want toughness & vigilance. We must be smart!
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims & their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough, smart & vigilant?
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!
Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!
Don King, and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is
Heading to D․C․ to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.
The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice!
Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U․S․. Senators, has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V․P․ choice.
Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama—but nobody else does!
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus!
As expected, the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but, just like our big wins in the primaries, we will win!
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters, because of trade, will come to me.
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents, she had one!
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved
I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P․M․. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues
In just out book, Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC & VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres
I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good, flexible, save money and number one!
A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. That's REALLY bad!
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than others on the campaign and finish #1, so too should our country. We can be great!
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!
We just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile.
In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38,000 jobs added. Bombshell!
Then, on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres.
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego, I have thousands of great reviews & will win case!
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.
Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president?
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
So I raised/gave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased.
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
Katie Couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely forgotten, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc.
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job.
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5,600,000 that I raised/gave!
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 A․M․ today, Trump Tower!
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me.
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The endorsement of me by the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!
In getting the endorsement of the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you), the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W․H․
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme Court!
The Republican Party has to be smart & strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser, but if the GOP can't control their own, then they are not a party. Be tough, R's!
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do.
Heading to D․C․ to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. #MDW
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money & get much better results! What we need as Prez!
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you.
The U․S․ has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice, but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard.
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W․H․
Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it
Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L․A․. Big rally in Anaheim.
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!
I just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F․E․C․. Even the dishonest media thinks great!
Amazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media.
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups.
While under no obligation to do so, I have raised between 5 & 6 million dollars, including 1million dollars from me, for our VETERANS. Nice!
Obama’s VA Secretary just said we shouldn't measure wait times. Hillary says VA problems are not ‘widespread.’ I will take care of our vets!
In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We can’t allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
Crooked Hillary said that I want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apart, just like our government! Airports a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - Bernie said the same thing!
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!
My list of potential U․S․. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you.
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!
Well, that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how "THE MOVEMENT" does in Oregon tonight!
Will go back on for a final question now!
I like Michael Douglas!
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst economic deal in U․S․ history?
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so, he should run,not her.Will he bring the "energizer" to D․C․?
Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U․S․ political history
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China
The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. "You can tell them to go BLANK themselves" - was about China, NOT WOMEN!
Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no.
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N․Y․ construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!
"In politics, and in life, ignorance is not a virtue." This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U․S․ history!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run.
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail!
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?
Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more!
If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren, we’d have no jobs in America—she doesn’t have a clue.
Isn’t it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump & gets nothing done in Senate?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See media—asking for increase!
Our Native American Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, couldn’t care less about the American worker…does nothing to help!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been, she would lose!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren didn’t have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U․S․. Senate. She has done nothing!
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me & I can’t tell the truth about her husband? Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!
I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan & the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together, we will beat the Dems at all levels!
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.
Why does the media, with a strong push from Crooked Hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!
Get out and vote Nebraska, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Get out and vote West Virginia, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton, I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beat—she had one!
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Bad!
I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal, no honor!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk, no action -- maybe her Native American name?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts.
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant, but leaves behind amazing legacy.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton’s flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.
Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren’s records to see if she is Native American. I say she’s a fraud!
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight!
Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party. Wrong, I didn't inherit it, I won it with millions of voters!
So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Governor Rick Perry said "Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen." Thank you Rick!
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!
Thank you West Virginia. Let's keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big. #Trump2016
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said, "We are going to put a whole lot of coal miners&coal companies out of business." She then apologized.
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates & otherwise. He should show them, & run as an Independent.
Many reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans.
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
Thank you Indiana, we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!
Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time & money
Wow, Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Can't function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!
Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great, and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA.
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to "dealing with men who get off the reservation." Actually, she has done poorly with such men!
Will be in Terre Haute, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!
The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
The "protesters" in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!
We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!
Wow, the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!
So many false and phony T․V․ commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!
I will be in Evansville, Indiana, with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there!
Lyin' Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V․P․candidate who failed badly in her own effort
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!
How bad is the New York Times—the most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates & otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart, not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work.
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors & special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted.
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!
Thank you New York, I will never forget!
A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Lyin’ Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!
Kasich only looks O․K․ in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him & K
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!
Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him.
I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun!
Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
Leaving for Albany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting!
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!
Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!
Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17,000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island--- great to be home!
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!
Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
This Tweet from @realDonaldTrump has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder.
A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U․S․ will be rapidly reversed!
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?
For the 1st time in American history, America’s 16,500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsement—me! Thank you.
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical & economic threat facing the American people!
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
The Club For Growth,which asked me for $1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!
Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?
Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC.
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN & MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!
Lyin' Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs & illegal imm!
Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak & losing big, so now he wants to debate again. But, according to Drudge,Time and on-line polls, I have won all debates
After the way I beat Gov․ Scott Walker (and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a must!
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called "leaders" ever learn!
The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great! JOBS!
Another radical Islamic attack, this time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women & children. At least 67 dead,400 injured. I alone can solve
Happy Easter to all, have a great day!
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U․S․ are now, finally, receiving plaudits!
Remember, I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters, I am not bought like others!
Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U․S․, jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J․ Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!
The media is so after me on women Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!
Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who also knew of the Brussels attack, is no longer talking. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws!
Wow, just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence, Lyin' Ted!
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!
Europe and the U․S․ must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U․S․ I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!
It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO!
These politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years, do nothing to make things better!
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N․A․T․O․. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
N.A․T․O․ is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than $150,000,000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. I’m the only one that was right from the beginning, & now Lyin’ Ted & others are copying me.
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. She’s been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates, Lyin’ Ted Cruz. Honestly, I can’t blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion!
Lyin’ Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me, and lines from Michael Douglas— just another dishonest politician.
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G․Q․ model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you, I will never forget!
Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in. No way!
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G․Q․ shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!
Pres․ Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately & get home to Washington- where a #POTUS, under a serious emergency belongs!
Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame.
My heart & prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible #Brussels tragedy. This madness must be stopped, and I will stop it.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba, especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U․S․ must be vigilant and smart!
Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday, delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours, and the media blames my supporters!
Why is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES, are never blamed by media? SAD!
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.
Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing! #Trump2016
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. Love Utah- will be back!
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich & Marco Rubio, and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the man who "choked" and let us all down, is now endorsing Lyin' Ted Cruz. This is good for me!
Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally. Lyin' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don't like LIARS! I beat Hillary
Club For Growth tried to extort $1,000,000 from me. When I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!
Stuart Stevens, the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss, is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!
Thank you to the Governor of Florida, Rick Scott, for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!
In the last 2 weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida & I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!
Yesterday was amazing—5 victories. Lyin’ Ted Cruz had zero. Things are going very well!
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!
Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people, big & over!
Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false.
I will bring our jobs back to the U․S․, and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will "sing" again.
In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary!
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!
Just in, big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you! #SuperTuesday #VoteTrump
Don't reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc.).
Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!
I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd A, build WALL
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration, with the worst voting record in the U․S․. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kasich voted for NAFTA, a disaster for Ohio, and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA, which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! #VoteTrump
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida!
Because Gov․ Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- & should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
Ohio Gov․Kasich voted for NAFTA, from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP, which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D․C․. No way
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio. No way to run a country!
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman, & their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote.
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On my way to Dayton, Ohio. Will be there soon!
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U․S․. If it were not for striking oil, they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!
The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump today! #Trump2016
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars, & is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!
Thank you Hawaii! #Trump2016
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016
Thank you Mississippi! #Trump2016
Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow, and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!The U․S․ has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.
Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!
I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you!
I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!
Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!
If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible "carnage" going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds!
Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here!
Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A․M․ to talk manufacturing in America.
Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views.
Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.
We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN & HIRE AMERICAN! #InaugurationDay #MAGA🇺🇸
We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!
The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on, it’s going to be #AmericaFirst🇺🇸
January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.
What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people.
Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another, or from one party to another – but we are transferring power from Washington, D․C․ and giving it back to you, the American People. #InaugurationDay
It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A․M․ for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!
Great Concert at 4:00 P․M․ today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy!
Getting ready to leave for Washington, D․C․. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for the American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"It wasn't Donald Trump that divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time!" Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham.
Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush, both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter!
Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U․S․!
John Lewis said about my inauguration, "It will be the first one that I've missed." WRONG (or lie)! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he "thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in…he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president." Sound familiar! WP
With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U․S․ (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing "big stuff."
The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before.
People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!
Thank you to Bob Woodward who said, "That is a garbage document…it never should have been presented…Trump's right to be upset (angry) about that…Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here, & when people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE." Media should also apologize
For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!
The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN!
Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th, Washington D․C․. Have fun!
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U․S․. I can use all the help I can get!
Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad!
A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero, Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support.
The "Unaffordable" Care Act will soon be history!
What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F․B․I․. Based on the information they had she should never have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!
It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably released by "Intelligence" even knowing there is no proof, and never will be. My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days!
All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine!
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House!
James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up, phony facts.Too bad!
We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on
Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to "leak" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?
I win an election easily, a great "movement" is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE." Very unfair!
FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs. This after Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U․S․ instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford & Fiat C!
Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time, I never "mocked" a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him "groveling" when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media!
Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!
Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!
I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain, a longtime U․S․ ally, is very special!
Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter & star
Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only "stupid" people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and both countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!
Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!
Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!
Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense!
Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!
I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it.
Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast & Steven Newhouse, a friend. Will go this AM.
Wow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got "swamped" (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT. So much for being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares, he supported Kasich & Hillary
Hopefully, all supporters, and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will go to D․C․ on January 20th. It will be a GREAT SHOW!
Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE
The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed), will be paid back by Mexico later!
The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?
How did NBC get "an exclusive look into the top secret report he (Obama) was presented?" Who gave them this report and why? Politics!
Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U․S․. NO WAY! Build plant in U․S․ or pay big border tax.
The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states, it is for the people to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against "Intelligence" when in fact I am a big fan!
The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it, they do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning."Keep you doctor, keep your plan!" It is time for Republicans & Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive & FAR BETTER!
Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just don't understand the "Movement"
Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!
Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have "hacking defense" like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media, as usual, gave them a pass.
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U․S․. This is just the beginning - much more to follow
Julian Assange said "a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta" - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!
The "Intelligence" briefing on so-called "Russian hacking" was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!
I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N․Y․C․. Thank you.
There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield.
…may be, their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! #DTS
With all that Congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as unfair as it
The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said "The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) is no longer affordable!" - And, it is lousy healthcare.
People must remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work, and it is not affordable - 116% increases (Arizona). Bill Clinton called it "CRAZY"
General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U․S․ car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U․S․A․or pay big border tax!
China has been taking out massive amounts of money & wealth from the U․S․ in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with North Korea. Nice!
North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U․S․. It won't happen!
Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I․
Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help!
Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love!
Great move on delay (by V․ Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!
We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U․S․, but not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N․)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!
Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!
The U․S․. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7, THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald!
President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states, and lost.The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The DJT Foundation, unlike most foundations, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any expenses. 100% of money goes to wonderful charities!
I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation, raised or recieved millions more, ALL of which is given to charity, and media won't report!
The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!
The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!
President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc.
Merry Christmas and a very, very, very , very Happy New Year to everyone!
The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad, but we will get it done anyway!
Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems: "In my opinion, it is humiliating. One must be able to lose with dignity." So true!
The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime, "by God's will we will slaughter you pigs, I swear, we will slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat, which turned into reality. Such hatred! When will the U․S․, and all countries, fight back?
As to the U․N․, things will be different after Jan. 20th.
My wonderful son, Eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with my presidency. Isn't this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids, has raised millions of dollars for them, and now must stop. Wrong answer!
The so-called "A" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!
Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!
The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes
Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase "DRAIN THE SWAMP" was no longer being used by me. Actually, we will always be trying to DTS.
I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people!
I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!
I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently
Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult & sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states!
Yes, it is true - Carlos Slim, the great businessman from Mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY!
Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong, he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He "doesn't know much" especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong states
We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media).
Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!
If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing, they would be scorned & called terrible names!
We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!
China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act.
Mobile, Alabama today at 3:00 P․M․. Last rally of the year - "THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH" Biggest of all crowds expected, see you there!
Last night in Orlando, Florida, was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 3:00 P․M․. I will be in Alabama for last rally!
Well, we all did it, together! I hope the "MOVEMENT" fans will go to D․C․ on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Let's set the all time record!
Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?
If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?
The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House, as it pertains to my business, so complex - when actually it isn't!
Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me "Person of the Year" - a great honor!
The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments.
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!
I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, Rex Tillerson, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, to be Secretary of State.
I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business, Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times!
Even though I am not mandated by law to do so, I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the Presidency. Two of my children, Don and Eric, plus executives, will manage them. No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office.
I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning.
The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!
The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.
Unless you catch "hackers" in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!
Whether I choose him or not for "State"- Rex Tillerson, the Chairman & CEO of ExxonMobil, is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned!
I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy, of the Great State of Louisiana, for the U․S․Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!
Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience, and congrats to Army!
As a show of support for our Armed Forces, I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it, should be fun!
I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B & have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!
Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed.
If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce dues
Chuck Jones, who is President of United Steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country!
Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U․S․ toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!
Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!
If the press would cover me accurately & honorably, I would have far less reason to "tweet." Sadly, I don't know if that will ever happen!
Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete), heavily tax our products going into their country (the U․S․ doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea? I don't think so!
The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!
fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U․S․ without retribution or consequence, is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies wanting to sell their product, cars, A․C․ units etc., back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult, but these companies are able to move between all 50 states, with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS
The U․S․ is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,
Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad
State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday.
Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!
Interesting how the U․S․ sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.
The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A․C․
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!
Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!
I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to do this under the law, I feel it is visually important, as President, to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses Hence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!
ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country.
Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U․S․. Thanks Carrier
I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A․C․ staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers!
My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe!
Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!
The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306!
Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed!
If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the Cuban/American people and the U․S․ as a whole, I will terminate deal.
Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!
states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!
It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4--
In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally
Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead." So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad
this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy." She then said, "We have to accept the results and look to the future, Donald --
of position." Then, separately she stated, "He said something truly horrifying … he refused to say that he would respect the results of --
during a general election. I, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --
and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -
Hillary's debate answer on delay: "That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. We've had free --
Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change
The Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore!
The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated & demoralized Dems
Fidel Castro is dead!
I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A․C․. Company to stay in the U․S․ (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Bus crash in Tennessee so sad & so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!
I am seriously considering Dr․ Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people!
Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years.
Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!
I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!
General James "Mad Dog" Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General!
Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior
The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!
Our wonderful future V․P․. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!
The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U․ Too bad!
I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country.
I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!
Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico
My transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today. #MAGA
I am not trying to get "top level security clearance" for my children. This was a typically false news story.
Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!
The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play. Campaigning is much different!
If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in N․Y․. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily
The debates, especially the second and third, plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies, plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS, gave us the win!
Governor John Kasich of the GREAT, GREAT, GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!
Jeb Bush, George W and George H․W․ all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!
Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!
This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win, win, win!
Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!
A fantastic day in D․C․. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs․ O a lot!
Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never beforeWhat about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?
Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox
The real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!
The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College & lost!
James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!
Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes vast sums of money to NATO & the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!
North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been "playing" the United States for years. China has done little to help!
My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth & future mtgs!
CEO's most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!
Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!
Will be going to Detroit, Michigan (love), today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State & U․S․. Already happening!
ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day.
We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!
Despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!
LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015
On International Women's Day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America & around the world.
I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.
Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great, and getting major things done!
I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down!
Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast!
122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!
45,000 construction & manufacturing jobs in the U․S․. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winning again, America!
Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again!
Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible?
Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice, he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings, not by me. Sad end to great show
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!
I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!
Is it legal for a sitting President to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!
Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times, and 4 times last year alone.
The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!
It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet.
Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total "witch hunt!"
Since November 8th, Election Day, the Stock Market has posted $3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs!
THANK YOU!
Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed, including healthcare.
Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!
The race for DNC Chairman was, of course, totally "rigged." Bernie's guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!
Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him, or for the Republican Party!
I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!
Great optimism for future of U․S․ business, AND JOBS, with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax & regulation cuts coming!
The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo.
Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!
Going to CPAC!
The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security "leakers" that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U․S․. FIND NOW
Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it!
Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help!
Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture…A great job done by amazing people!
One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison, in his fight to lead the DNC, is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win!
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad!
Just named General H․R․. McMaster National Security Advisor.
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!
Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House. Big 5:00 P․M․ speech in Melbourne, Florida. A lot to talk about!
Don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it.
Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected!
"One of the most effective press conferences I've ever seen!" says Rush Limbaugh. Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIA calls it differently! Dishonest
General Keith Kellogg, who I have known for a long time, is very much in play for NSA - as are three others.
Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy!
Going to Charleston, South Carolina, in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it.
Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr․ Tom Price, the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast!
The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly (306), so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news!
FAKE NEWS media, which makes up stories and "sources," is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast!
The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!
Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout!
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American!
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?
Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - "The NSA & FBI…should not interfere in our politics…and is" Very serious situation for USA
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N․Korea etc?
Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest!
Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!
I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.He's not smart enough to run for president!
After two days of very productive talks, Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. L
72% of refugees admitted into U․S․ (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA, IRAQ, SOMALIA, IRAN, SUDAN, LIBYA & YEMEN
The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members, drug dealers & others are being removed!
A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and his representatives, at the Winter White House (Mar-a-Lago). Very good talks!
I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media, and to still hold her head so high, is truly wonderful!
Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs․ Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla. They are a wonderful couple!
I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!
Our legal system is broken! "77% of refugees allowed into U․S․ since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries." (WT) SO DANGEROUS!
LAWFARE: "Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute." A disgraceful decision!
SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!
Sen․ McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a "failure." Time for the U․S․ to get smart and start winning again!
Chris Cuomo, in his interview with Sen․ Blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave "service" in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS!
Sen․Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?
Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be EASY D!
If the U․S․ does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!
It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!
I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1 in terror, no problem!
The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East. Courts must act fast!
I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies!
Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting.
What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!
Enjoy the #SuperBowl and then we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult!
Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!
The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!
Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?
Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision
What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into U․S․?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!
Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death & destruction!
When a country is no longer able to say who can, and who cannot , come in & out, especially for reasons of safety &.security - big trouble!
Countries charge U․S․ companies taxes or tariffs while the U․S․ charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us!
We must keep "evil" out of our country!
A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U․S․
Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U․S․, health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!
Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice!
Iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how "kind" President Obama was to them. Not me!
Yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice…but at least he tried hard!
Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U․S․ came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billion
Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U․S․ made with them!
Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man - thank you!
Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star!
If U․C․. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?
Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!
Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U․S․ has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago!
Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!
Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, respected by all.
Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION! 8:00 P․M․
When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D․C․ doesn't work!
Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party!
The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A․G․
Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country?
I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P․M․ (W.H․)
If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the "bad" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad "dudes" out there!
There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world!
Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage, protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain & Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. The two Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III.
Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!
Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world - a horrible mess!
The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support!
Mexico has taken advantage of the U․S․ for long enough. Massive trade deficits & little help on the very weak border must change, NOW!
Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3,000,000 votes were illegal. We must do better!
The U․S․ has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.
Big day for healthcare. Working hard!
Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!
The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P․P․ to continue if they stop this plan!
After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums & deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your chance for a great plan!
A great American, Kurt Cochran, was killed in the London terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends.
Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty!
Spoke to U․K․. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well.
Democrats are smiling in D․C․ that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood & Ocare!
General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore.
Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U․S․ JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!
The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry, we are in very good shape!
The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win!
Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill & Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech money to Bill, the Hillary Russian "reset," praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA!As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!
Democrats used to support border security — now they want illegals to pour through our borders.
Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst🇺🇸
What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats.
I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics!
I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare.
The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO!
I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all, we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible!
Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare, and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad!
The U․S․ recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly.
Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the "ban" case and now the "sanctuary" case is brought in the Ninth Circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%). They used to call this "judge shopping!" Messy system.
First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban & now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!
Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc.
Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch!
If our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral!
…the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be! #BuildTheWall
The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! If
The two fake news polls released yesterday, ABC & NBC, while containing some very positive info, were totally wrong in General E․ Watch!
New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in popular vote. ABC News/Washington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me & 53% said strong leader.
Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall.
The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.
ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.
Very interesting election currently taking place in France.
I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!
Today on Earth Day, we celebrate our beautiful forests, lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation.
Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.
Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!
Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!
China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so, while nothing is easy, if they want to solve the North Korean problem, they will
No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, & it has been a lot (including S․C․), media will kill!
Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th.
Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG "R" win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!
Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime & 2nd A․
Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U․S․. We are removing them fast!
With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia (on Tuesday) for Congress, a runoff will be a win. Vote "R" for lower taxes & safety!
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!
The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!
A great book for your reading enjoyment: "REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS" by Michael J․ Knowles.
The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!
Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly, we have no choice!
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!
I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?
Happy Easter to everyone!
Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!
Things will work out fine between the U․S․A․ and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses & there will be lasting peace!
I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea. If they are unable to do so, the U․S․, with its allies, will! U․S․A․
Jobs are returning, illegal immigration is plummeting, law, order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again!
One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. Big changes are happening!
Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. #AmericaFirst
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes, easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems, who spent heavily & predicted victory!
Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea.
Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy, I need his help on Healthcare & Tax Cuts (Reform).
North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them! U․S․A․
I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U․S․ will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!
Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America, Israel, and around the world. #ChagSameach
So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U․S․ strongly condemns. I have great confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly.
Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A․M․. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!
The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)!
Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States, and the world, so well in the Syria attack.
Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States, I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship.
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!
Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?
The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers.
Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.
Anybody (especially Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal & Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!
It is the same Fake News Media that said there is "no path to victory for Trump" that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam!
Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media & Dems, of historic proportion!
The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.
The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team, & fast. We must fight them, & Dems, in 2018!
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace.
Israel, Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican & Pope, then #G7 and #NATO.
Getting ready for my big foreign trip. Will be strongly protecting American interests - that's what I like to do!
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign & Obama Administration, there was never a special counsel appointed!
This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!
As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W․H․ meeting) which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS & terrorism.
China just agreed that the U․S․ will be allowed to sell beef, and other major products, into China once again. This is REAL news!
When James Clapper himself, and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt, says there is no collusion, when does it end?
James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
As a very active President with lots of things happening, it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy! Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future "press briefings" and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy???
The Fake Media is working overtime today!
Again, the story that there was collusion between the Russians & Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election.
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U․S․ tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election.
Dems have been complaining for months & months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!
Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. "Richie" devised one of the greatest military frauds in U․S․ history. For years, as a pol in Connecticut, Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When caught, he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness…and now he is judge & jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts.
Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down, they will be thanking me!
James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI.
The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey, including the fact that he should be fired, but now they play so sad!
Cryin' Chuck Schumer stated recently, "I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer." Then acts so indignant. #draintheswamp
Biggest story today between Clapper & Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!
The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?
Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!
Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is "no evidence" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump.
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W․H․. Counsel.
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U․S․
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him!
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia & why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?
The reason I am staying in Bedminster, N․ J․, a beautiful community, is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings!
Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!
Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It's dead!
Wow,the Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare!
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.
Rather than causing a big disruption in N․Y․C․, I will be working out of my home in Bedminster, N․J․ this weekend. Also saves country money!
Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2, we will have truly great healthcare!
If victorious, Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote!
Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums & deductibles - and be great healthcare!
I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the "you can keep you doctor, you can keep your plan & premiums will go down" ObamaCare lie."
The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!
Susan Rice, the former National Security Advisor to President Obama, is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good!
FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good "shutdown" in September to fix mess!
President Andrew Jackson, who died 16 years before the Civil War started, saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!
…healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums & deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!
You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors…New
The Democrats, without a leader, have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for U․S․
Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including 28 legislative signings, strong borders & great optimism!
Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd, big energy!
North Korea disrespected the wishes of China & its highly respected President when it launched, though unsuccessfully, a missile today. Bad!The big story is the "unmasking and surveillance" of people that took place during the Obama Administration.
I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord, Thursday at 3:00 P․M․ The White House Rose Garden. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself, refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook & even Dems & DNC.
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hopefully Republican Senators, good people all, can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal & replace) HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $'s.
Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!
So now it is reported that the Democrats, who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia, don't want him to testify. He blows away their case against him & now wants to clear his name by showing "the false or misleading testimony by James Comey, John Brennan…" Witch Hunt!
Who can figure out the true meaning of "covfefe" ??? Enjoy!
The U․S․. Senate should switch to 51 votes, immediately, and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved, fast and easy. Dems would do it, no doubt!
Russian officials must be laughing at the U․S․ & how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.
We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany, plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO & military. Very bad for U․S․. This will change
I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning.
Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you, God bless your families & God bless the USA!
North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor, China, by shooting off yet another ballistic missile…but China is trying hard!
Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free, because of the brave. #MemorialDay🇺🇸
The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging & demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to hear the real story!
The massive TAX CUTS/REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well, actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all!
I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better!
British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U․K․ gave to U․S․ about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details!
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems & Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
Whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media, and they don't mention names it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!
It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media.
Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results!
Big win in Montana for Republicans!
Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U․S․A․ from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Just left the #G7Summit. Had great meetings on everything, especially on trade where "we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices…to foster a truly level playing field."
I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!
Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably, as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger.
Big G7 meetings today. Lots of very important matters under discussion. First on the list, of course, is terrorism. #G7Taormina
Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth, terrorism, and security.
Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding extremism, and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!
Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes, I would have had ZERO chance winning WH
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look!
The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out.
That's right, we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries, not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people!
Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his "no reason to be alarmed" statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!
In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U․S․ in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political!
The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - & seek much tougher version!
The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S․C․
People, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but I am calling it what we need and what it is, a TRAVEL BAN!
Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck!
At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is "no reason to be alarmed!"
We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse
Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U․ K․, we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Wow, CNN had to retract big story on "Russia," with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS!
Great day for America's future Security and Safety, courtesy of the U․S․. Supreme Court. I will keep fighting for the American people, & WIN!
Very grateful for the 9-O decision from the U․ S․ Supreme Court. We must keep America SAFE!
Republican Senators are working very hard to get there, with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash & burn!
The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia under a magnifying glass, they have zero "tapes" of T people colluding. There is no collusion & no obstruction. I should be given apology!
The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win and did not want to "rock the boat." He didn't "choke," he colluded or obstructed, and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good.
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS, they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare!
Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer!
Obama Administration official said they "choked" when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't want to hurt Hillary?
Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Focus on them, not T!
Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums & deductibles increase by over 100%. Remember keep your doctor, keep your plan?
Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY?
I've helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills, mostly with no Democratic support, and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. Nice!
I am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember, ObamaCare is dead.
Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world, after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL!
With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal leaking of information, I have no idea whether there are "tapes" or recordings of my conversations with James Comey, but I did not make, and do not have, any such recordings.
I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please let Cryin' Chuck stay!
…Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI, and still hasn't? It's all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election!
…Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). It's all a big Dem HOAX!
By the way, if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election, it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't they stop them?
Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump & Russia.
Great night in Iowa - special people. Thank you!
Just landed in Iowa. See everyone soon! #MAGA🇺🇸
Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on Healthcare,Tax Cuts,Security. Obstruction doesn't work!
Well, the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News, all the money spent = 0
Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina's 5th District. We are all honored by your success tonight!
Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job, we are all very proud of you!
Things are looking great for Karen H!
While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi & China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!
Democrat Jon Ossoff, who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security, doesn't even live in district.
Karen Handel's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent because he doesn't even live there! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel.
Ralph Norman, who is running for Congress in SC's 5th District, will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes, and getting great border security and healthcare. #VoteRalphNorman tomorrow!
The Dems want to stop tax cuts, good healthcare and Border Security.Their ObamaCare is dead with 100% increases in P's. Vote now for Karen H
The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating.That's higher than O's #'s!
The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs, high business enthusiasm, massive regulation cuts, 36 new legislative bills signed, great new S․C․Justice, and Infrastructure, Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works!
Back from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I did not forget!
I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt
Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America, the economic & jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down, jobs and enthusiasm way up!
The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people! I can go around them
After 7 months of investigations & committee hearings about my "collusion with the Russians," nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad!
Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer, 'bleached' emails, & had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared- & they talk about obstruction?
Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at, but my non-dealings are?
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people! #MAGA
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice
Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!
Happy birthday to U․S․. ARMY and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, & dedication. Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief!
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him.
2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare. It is in a death spiral. Obstructionist Democrats gave up, have no answer = resist!
Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting.
Fake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories???
Well, as predicted, the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. S․C․
The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad!
Great numbers on the economy. All of our work, including the passage of many bills & regulation killing Executive Orders, now kicking in!
The Democrats have no message, not on economics, not on taxes, not on jobs, not on failing #Obamacare. They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS!
I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very 'cowardly!'
The #FakeNews MSM doesn't report the great economic news since Election Day. #DOW up 16%. #NASDAQ up 19.5%. Drilling & energy sector way up. Regulations way down. 600,000+ new jobs added. Unemployment down to 4.3%. Business and economic enthusiasm way up- record levels!
Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication…and WOW, Comey is a leaker!
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare & also Infrastructure!
I will be nominating Christopher A․ Wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow.
Senate passed the VA Accountability Act. The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We can’t tolerate substandard care for our vets.Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings in Chicago this year!
If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date!
Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea. Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal!
Good news out of the House with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.' Hopefully Senate will follow.
Good news, House just passed #KatesLaw. Hopefully Senate will follow.
New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U․S․. Had no deal for many years which hurt U․S․ badly.
Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong, I know the subject well & want victory for U․S․
I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right, unlike OCare!
With ZERO Democrats to help, and a failed, expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy, the Republican Senators are working hard!Dow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report?
Really great numbers on jobs & the economy! Things are starting to kick in now, and we have just begun! Don't like steel & aluminum dumping!
If we can help little #CharlieGard, as per our friends in the U․K․ and the Pope, we would be delighted to do so.
At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers, strong economy, success with ISIS, the border & so much else!
Will be speaking with Italy this morning!
Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East. Interesting things are happening!
Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning.
Stock Market at all time high, unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never been stronger!
My use of social media is not Presidential - it’s MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!
I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN!
The FAKE & FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - but remember, I won the 2016 election with interviews, speeches and social media. I had to beat #FakeNews, and did. We will continue to WIN!
Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!
Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide?The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can,& did!
Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good!
For years, even as a "civilian," I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance!
Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian & Syrian problems are solved!
Putin & I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit so that election hacking, & many other negative things, will be guarded and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA & FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER, and were rejected, still don't have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election?
I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I've already given my opinion We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia!
The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U․S․ - Explained that the U․S․ must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done!
Leaving Hamburg for Washington, D․C․ and the WH. Just left China’s President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade & North Korea.
The #G20Summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel. Thank you!
I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will #MAGA!
I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders, including my meeting with Vladimir Putin. Much to discuss. #G20Summit #USA🇺🇸
Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!
After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinzō Abe of Japan & President Moon of South Korea.
My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone, including the haters, for the great reviews of the speech!
Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter. So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try!
The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?
Getting ready to leave for Poland, after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20. Will be back on Saturday.
Gas prices are the lowest in the U․S․ in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower.
Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House. Happy 4th to everyone. Our country will grow and prosper!I am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade, yet they do NOTHING for us with North Korea, just talk. We will no longer allow this to continue. China could easily solve this problem!
I love reading about all of the "geniuses" who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is, most don't exist. #Fake News! MAGA
Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters, Repeal & Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill!
U․S․. Stock Market up almost 20% since Election!
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!
After seven years of "talking" Repeal & Replace, the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare!
If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance, they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at R's. MAKE CHANGE!
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time 8 Dems totally control the U․S․. Senate. Many great Republican bills will never pass, like Kate's Law and complete Healthcare. Get smart!
The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing R's in Senate. Mitch M, go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN. IT'S TIME!
Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party, allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills sit in Senate. A JOKE!
I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him!
I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American and a Great Leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my Administration
3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch!
Go Republican Senators, Go! Get there after waiting for 7 years. Give America great healthcare!
Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS-13 gang members and gang members in general. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Come on Republican Senators, you can do it on Healthcare. After 7 years, this is your chance to shine! Don't let the American people down!
Why didn't A․G․. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got big dollars ($700,000) for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp!
After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U․S․. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you
The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon!
Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there!
This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people!
Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big & exciting. JOBS! The E․U․ is very protectionist with the U․S․. STOP!
Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up, 11 year old Barron Trump!
So great that John McCain is coming back to vote. Brave - American hero! Thank you John.
ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal & Replace! I have pen in hand.
Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking, we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate!
Problem is that the acting head of the FBI & the person in charge of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe, got $700,000 from H for wife!
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails & DNC server) & Intel leakers!
Is Fake News Washington Post being used as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep Politicians from looking into Amazon no-tax monopoly?
Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal & Replace after years of talking & campaigning on it.
Sleazy Adam Schiff, the totally biased Congressman looking into "Russia," spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse!
So why aren't the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A․G․, looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes & Russia relations?
After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer just stated that "Democrats should blame ourselves,not Russia."
Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News!
If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare, the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand!
It's hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story/opinion, even if should be positive, is bad!
It's very sad that Republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their President.
As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Democrats and Russians!
ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists, no ideas or votes, only obstruction. It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators!
The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and, after 7 years, vote to Repeal and Replace. Next, Tax Reform and Infrastructure. WIN!
In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci, he wanted to endorse me 1st, before the Republican Primaries started, but didn't think I was running!
My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media & authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted (& acid washed) her 33,000 e-mails!
…What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia, including Podesta Company, Uranium deal, Russian Reset, big dollar speeches etc.
So many people are asking why isn't the A․G․ or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33,000 e-mails deleted?
While all agree the U․ S․ President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS
This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world, The Gerald R․ Ford. Norfolk, Va.
The Failing New York Times foiled U․S․ attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist,Al-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda over National Security
A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Post,this time against A․G․. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks, like Comey's, must stop!
Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright!
The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, & it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies!
I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America!
The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister!
Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is "sick." All G 20 leaders, and spouses, were invited by the Chancellor of Germany. Press knew!
The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. Even parts of full Repeal need 60. 8 Dems control Senate. Crazy!
With only a very small majority, the Republicans in the House & Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct, no votes!
As I have always said, let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. Stay tuned!
We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal, terrific & worked really hard. We will return!
Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now & work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in!
Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics!
Heading back to Washington, D․C․. Much will be accomplished this week on trade, the military and security!
The ABC/Washington Post Poll, even though almost 40% is not bad at this time, was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time!
With all of its phony unnamed sources & highly slanted & even fraudulent reporting, #Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country!
Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign.
Thank you to all of the supporters, who far out-numbered the protesters, yesterday at the Women's U․S․. Open. Very cool!
HillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate & delete 33,000 emails but my son Don is being scorned by the Fake News Media?
Just got to the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, New Jersey. People are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17% since election!
Will be at the Women's U․S․. Open today!
Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also, jobs numbers are starting to look very good!
Stock Market at new all-time high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U․S․ and its workers!
Left Paris for U․S․A․. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the #USWomensOpen, their most important tournament, this afternoon.
After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare, Republican Senators must come through as they have promised!
Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk, pen in hand!
The W․H․ is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform & many other things. I have very little time for watching T․V․
Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful!
ISIS is on the run & will soon be wiped out of Syria & Iraq, illegal border crossings are way down (75%) & MS 13 gangs are being removed.
Remember, when you hear the words "sources say" from the Fake Media, often times those sources are made up and do not exist.
Big wins against ISIS!
Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all!
Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States (L.A․). Stay tuned!
If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!
When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries, I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees!
I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go!
James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal!Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today, and best regards to all of those injured, in Charlottesville, Virginia. So sad!
Deepest condolences to the families & fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. You're all among the best this nation produces.
Am in Bedminster for meetings & press conference on V․A․ & all that we have done, and are doing, to make it better-but Charlottesville sad!
We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
Military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should North Korea act unwisely. Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path!
Can you believe that Mitch McConnell, who has screamed Repeal & Replace for 7 years, couldn't get it done. Must Repeal & Replace ObamaCare!
Senator Mitch McConnell said I had "excessive expectations," but I don't think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal & Replace, why not done?
Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement!
After 200 days, rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved…not even close! Don't believe the Fake News Suppression Polls!
E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane.
After many years of failure,countries are coming together to finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough & decisive!
I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there
How much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources), remain in business?
The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N․ Korea!
Never in U․S․history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a phony Vietnam con artist!
Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings.
Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, NYTIMES & WAPO, the Trump base is getting stronger!
The Trump base is far bigger & stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military strength, jobs Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation & so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!
Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions.
United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Over one billion dollars in cost to N․K․
After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington, it is great to see the A․G․ taking action! For National Security, the tougher the better!
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction North Korea. China and Russia voted with us. Very big financial impact!
Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA!
West Virginia was incredible last night. Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond, GDP at 3%, wow!Dem Governor became a Republican last night.
Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high…and for good reason. Much more regulation "busting" to come. Working hard on tax cuts & reform!
…and don't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wisconsin.
Toyota & Mazda to build a new $1.6B plant here in the U․S․A․ and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing!
Just arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7:00pmE. Massive crowd expected - tune in! #MAGA🇺🇸
Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time & very dangerous low. You can thank Congress, the same people that can't even give us HCare!
I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business & jobs will grow.
Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesn't just happen!
I love the White House, one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) I have ever seen. But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUE
Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media (110 million people). Only way for me to get the truth out!
Stock Market could hit all-time high (again) 22,000 today. Was 18,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream media seldom mentions!
A great day at the White House!
Highest Stock Market EVER, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure, S․C․: No WH chaos!
If ObamaCare is hurting people, & it is, why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies & why should Congress not be paying what public pays?
Don't give up Republican Senators, the World is watching: Repeal & Replace…and go to 51 votes (nuke option), get Cross State Lines & more.For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!
Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great!
Feels good to be home after seven months, but the White House is very special, there is no place like it… and the U․S․ is really my home!
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied…truly bad people!
Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade.
Big day in Washington, D․C․, even though White House & Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for American workers!
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!
The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border & Wall, the military, tax cuts & law enforcement.
Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGAClosely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City, State and Federal Govs. working great together!
I am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio. He kept Arizona safe!
At the request of the Governor of Texas, I have signed the Disaster Proclamation, which unleashes the full force of government help!
Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready to respond. Be safe!
Just arrived at Camp David, where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey (as it strengthens to a Class 3). 125 MPH winds!
Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey, as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE!
Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18. Tennessee not happy!
Nick Adams, "Retaking America" "Best things of this presidency aren't reported about. Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever."
Few, if any, Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A․ Bills passed, regulations killed, border, military, ISIS, SC!
General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W․H․. Don't believe the Fake News
The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that, after hearing Repeal & Replace for 7 years, he failed!That should NEVER have happened!
James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, there was Afghanistan (somber), the big Rally (enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V․A․ (respectful and strong). Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
I requested that Mitch M & Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V․A․. Bill (which just passed) for easy approval. They didn't do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up (as usual) on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easy-now a mess!
If Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule & go to a simple majority, which the Dems would do, they are just wasting time!
Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn't cover fairly. People got it!
Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake, weak on crime & border!
Was with great people last night in Fort Myer, Virginia. The future of our country is strong!
Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen!
I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one!
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heal, & we will heal, & be stronger than ever before!
Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you.
Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders. Many decisions made, including on Afghanistan.
I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S
Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever).
Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough!
The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay at all times. Must stop!
Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert & closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far tougher than ever before!
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!
The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona, Spain, and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough & strong, we love you!
Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You can't change history, but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson - who's next, Washington, Jefferson? So foolish! Also the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!
Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great!
Great to see that Dr․ Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake, who is WEAK on borders, crime and a non-factor in Senate. He's toxic!
The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate, bigotry etc. Shame!
Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK, neo-Nazis & white supremacists and people like Ms․ Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember!
Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council & Strategy & Policy Forum, I am ending both. Thank you all!
Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all!
Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall & Crime!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race!
Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns, cities and states throughout the U․S․ are being hurt - many jobs being lost!Leaving now for Texas!
HISTORIC rainfall in Houston, and all over Texas. Floods are unprecedented, and more rain coming. Spirit of the people is incredible.Thanks!
Major rescue operations underway!
Going to a Cabinet Meeting (tele-conference) at 11:00 A․M․ on #Harvey. Even experts have said they've never seen one like this!
We are in the NAFTA (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with Mexico & Canada.Both being very difficult,may have to terminate?
With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world, we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other.
Wow - Now experts are calling #Harvey a once in 500 year flood! We have an all out effort going, and going well!
I will also be going to a wonderful state, Missouri, that I won by a lot in '16. Dem C․M․ is opposed to big tax cuts. Republican will win S!
I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety.
Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground.
Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. Thousands rescued.
Wonderful coordination between Federal, State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK! Record setting rainfall.The U․S․. Coast Guard, FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready. Here comes Irma. God bless everyone!
Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey (just like others).
Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don't wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry!
Republicans, sorry, but I've been hearing about Repeal & Replace for 7 years, didn't happen! Even worse, the Senate Filibuster Rule will never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 (vs. 51) votes. It is a Repub Death Wish!
Our incredible U․S․. Coast Guard saved more than 15,000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard!
Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion, perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. Be safe and get out of its way,if possible. Federal G is ready!
We will confront ANY challenge, no matter how strong the winds or high the water. I’m proud to stand with Presidents for #OneAmericaAppeal.
For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about - No action!
Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. Be careful, be safe! #FEMA
Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic!
Watching Hurricane closely. My team, which has done, and is doing, such a good job in Texas, is already in Florida. No rest for the weary!
Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change.
Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't, I will revisit this issue!
Congress, get ready to do your job - DACA!
Big week coming up!
The United States is considering, in addition to other options, stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea.
I will be meeting General Kelly, General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea. Thank you.
South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing!
North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success.
Remember, Sunday is National Prayer Day (by Presidential Proclamation)!
Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana, where things are going well. Such cooperation & coordination!
The Manufacturing Index rose to 59%, the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better!
I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House.
Stock Market up 5 months in a row!
Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men & women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administration continues to get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST!
Wow, looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over…and so much more. A rigged system!
Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed!
After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA!
After witnessing first hand the horror & devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey,my heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas!
The U․S․ has been talking to North Korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years. Talking is not the answer!Big day at the United Nations - many good things, and some tricky ones, happening. We have a great team. Big speech at 10:00 A․M․
Important meetings and calls scheduled for today. Military and economy are getting stronger by the day, and our enemies know it. #MAGA
I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night. Asked him how Rocket Man is doing. Long gas lines forming in North Korea. Too bad!
Attorney General Bill Schuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help
I will be in Huntsville, Alabama, on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate. "Big Luther" is a great guy who gets things done!
A great deal of good things happening for our country. Jobs and Stock Market at all time highs, and I believe will be getting even better!
CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!
ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth!
We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive & nasty!
The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct!
Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off & use better!
Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive!
With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate, Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation, rather than 51. Can't get votes, END NOW!
Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U․S․ & its people I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But don't worry, I will veto because I love our country & its people.
Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site.
Just left Florida for D․C․. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever!
Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U․S․. Coast Guard, FEMA etc. A real disaster, much work to do!
Does anybody really want to throw out good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some serving in the military? Really! They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border security
The WALL, which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls, will continue to be built.
No deal was made last night on DACA. Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. Would be subject to vote.
The "deplorables" came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but, in the end, had no game!
Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction!
China has a business tax rate of 15%. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. Jobs and wages!
With Irma and Harvey devastation, Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress, go!
I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard, FEMA and many of the brave first responders & others.
The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut & Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress!
The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater, at least in certain locations,than anyone thought - but amazing people working hard!