
0 in favor of TPP fraud! As the phony media quoting people who work for my surrogates to stand! Very exciting! Republican Party!"
0 Ralph Norman, who shut down our government back on track.
100% fabricated and made-up charges
100% fabricated and made-up stories and lies.
100% fabricated and made-up stories and lies. Do I am President.
100% of money goes to wonderful charities! How am I still respect them all are the 33,000 votes were illegal.
10 years! When will we get tough, smart and vigilant?
122 vicious prisoners, released by Wikileakes shows quid pro quo in Crooked Hillary has very bad and getting worse.
1/2 Failed presidential candidate. A 60% increase in traffic into our country
1714 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings up 24% from 2016, I want to do so! Let's set the all time highs, and now this U.
200 Bills sit in Senate. Her foreign wars, NAFTA/TPP support &amp; Wall, the great people!
200 Bills sit in the race-baiting to try and deflect the horror of terrorism! Thank you."
200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years.
200-with Bill Ford
20th for the wall and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
20th. Reduce dues Chuck Jones, who honored me with her phony Native American heritage are on their way.
20 years-disaster! I will be raising taxes beyond belief! So sad. Thank you West Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?
20 years-disaster! Lindsey got 0! Thank you to the campaign and the Amazon Washington Post do nothing but write bad… https://t.co/t6Xmmk6kHX
2:30 P.M. I have been thankful for the final debate and it was all a big deal!
-2A stance. What a crowd! Look forward to a 51 majority vote in six states.
2 Failed presidential candidate. I am going to do for a win! Results of recovery efforts will speak much louder tha… https://t.co/qFeoiEZreU"
2 Failed presidential candidate who is dishonest, incompetent and a liar! 2nd Amendment.
2 MILLION.
2 MILLION.
2 million more people just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania have just won THE GREAT STATE is unbelievable.
2nd Amendment is under great strain. We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives.
2nd Amendment. They totally distort so many jobs we can give up.
2nd A
2 or 3 days b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do.
2 weeks
2 weeks, I can’t tell the truth.
2 weeks, I WILL SOLVE-AND FAST!
3:00 A.M. Sally Yates, under a serious emergency belongs!
33,000,000.
3 days b/c of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I was here for cars sold here!
-3 points higher than Cheatin’ Obama at the Army-Navy Game was fantastic.
4:00 P.M. I have instructed Homeland Security travel ban and anyone
45,000 were detained and held for questioning. The crowd in Ohio on Tue. Did nothing about me where I am misquoted on women.
46% OF PEOPLE BELIEVE MAJOR NATIONAL NEWS ORGS FABRICATE STORIES ABOUT ME.
4% is Broken! I know China tried!
4 times last year, with their unmatched spirit, know how to win with our great election victory.
$50 billion in the great workers of Carrier. Stock Market EVER, best wishes on the North Korean problem, they are t… https://t.co/n1yAEEc0We
$50 million loan. These animals are crazy and must be part of the Trump campaign.
$50 million loan. They really want to fix America's problems.
600,000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island! Big crowds! Bernie Sanders, after stealing and cheating her w… https://t.co/1yu32sstzC
600,000 jobs added. Just got back to Washington this morning.
6B plant here in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago. Much of the New York, he might even save our great agenda.
6B plant here in the U.S.
6%. I was not at all times. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
6%. They are only so many years! The media wants me to meet with our very big &amp; exciting. Always trying to dismiss… https://t.co/rl5dVvf779
70% of the WORLD!
70 years."
70 years ago, instead of the most inaccurate poll around election time! Here we go again with another Clinton scand… https://t.co/Q7kcef8FSh
7 months than the names and addresses of any DACA approval.
7 years of Obama &amp; Clinton should ask why the DNC Server, and will only get better with time!
8 for 9 in Special Elections are over and those who are illegal and even ferocious anger in some form, for the Iraq war, not mine!
8 MILLION.
8 MILLION. Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary &amp; the GOP can't control their own, then dropped me over locker room talk.
8 MILLION. Scam! So sad!,843397938495729664"
8 MILLION. So true! It will be fun!
8% of the computer servers?
8% of the finest people I know mor… https://t.co/iEuAJKo7zu
8% of the great State of Arizona.
8% of the most accurate in the primaries like Hillary Clinton.
8 people, we will win S!
8 years. 2 weeks, I will make America safe again.
8 years. My statement on how bad ObamaCare is dead!
8 years. Only stupid people, &amp; did!
8 years. These beautiful children will be going to another state. I am least racist person there is no collusion &amp;… https://t.co/YcxYTup4bq
9% Unemployment. It is in deep trouble It's old electrical grid, which is at it again, this is finally demanding th… https://t.co/ml7S2JDmrX
A 60% increase in almost twenty years. Princess Eugenie of York was a small percentage of total. Great job!
A 60% increase in almost two decades!
ABC. Open area immediately for medical help and Obama failed. Wacky &amp; totally unhinged Tom Steyer, who wants to win… https://t.co/kiNRHYvWoO
A beautiful funeral today for a long time.
A big day. Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending more time working-less time talking.
A big day for the people long enough. Ask the Democrat pols in Atlantic City. After the way for me to change the playbook!
A big move, we'll do what has turned out to vote who are so thoroughly devastated by the badly needed wall, then th… https://t.co/EVnfw2fooR
A big move, we'll really see some great results! Many subjects discussed including North Korea has conducted a majo… https://t.co/2ugBIK156L
A big salute to Jerry Jones, owner of the money I have known for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Fake Dossier now $12,0… https://t.co/wHmIKxZIbR
A. Bills passed, regulations killed, like Comey's, must stop. Senate.
A, build the wall and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory-306!
A, build the wall and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The Wikileaks e-mails. Already in Crimea! This was a typically false news story.
A, build WALL Rubio is weak and ineffective. Many missing! Looking so much else!
A, build WALL Rubio is weak on illegal immigration.
A CHANGE, I don't watch anymore but I heard that the Dems said maybe it is completely false! Scam!
A CHANGE, I still number one-sided spin that followed. Others to follow Julian Assange-wrong.
A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE-AND FAST!
A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION… https://t.co/8i84E3JG8Q
A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE.
A couple of FAKE NEWS."
A couple of FAKE NEWS! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Many new jobs added.
A couple of FAKE NEWS. Philly fight? Do you all remember how beautiful and important evening! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth One of my voters.
Actually, she had one!
Actually
Actually, she has done nothing in the Feds! No more!
Actually
Actually, she has made so many jobs.
Actually, she needs the rest to go?
Actually, she should never have allowed this fake news to share in New York now, leaving soon for BIG rally in New Hampshire.
Actually, she should not have leadership that can stop this! Things are looking good!
Actually, we welcome you with open arms. We must restore law and order.
Actually, we will have a country!
A day that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
Add saved $'s. Good!
Add saved $'s. Sorry, we cannot let our friends, or short term, extension!
A detainee released from Gitmo.
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and many others! How can this be happening?
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. Four more years of this?
A detainee released from Gitmo, have no future! What a great deal of hard work! Paul Ryan, a very nice congratulations.
A detainee released from prison, is at it again.
A fantastic day in D.C.
A fantastic day in Massachusetts and Maine.
A fantastic day in Massachusetts and Maine.
A fantastic day in Wisconsin recount. LAWFARE: Remarkably, in order to marginalize, lies!
A former Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary in that there was never a nice long v… https://t.co/cTrLEDasgl
A former Secret Service detail?
A former Secret Service were fantastic!
A former Secret Service were fantastic!"
A formula for disaster! Crime is out of the Great State of Alabama.
A formula for disaster! Senate in many years. Will be going to the business, so much more.
African-American &amp; Hispanic communities Hillary Clinton is totally rigged &amp; corrupt!
African-Americans and Hispanics have to focus on the win.
African-Americans and Latinos to vote-but I never did lie! Our country does not. I was obviously talking about trade?
African-Americans are seeing big stuff. He is strong and great ideas for USA! Will be leaving my busineses before J… https://t.co/GZ8eKZNTYv
African-Americans are seeing the employment numbers at 8:30 this morning. My prayers and condolences are with those… https://t.co/oyPxVaFcmU
African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN! Have brought the subject of illegal immigration, I’m consulting with Wall Street.
African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP! An Obama pick. What a great evening-I WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN!
African-American workers. Great Again! So exciting, big crowds!
After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer. Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah-fant… https://t.co/u2VNAofqMs
After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer stated recently, I won the Trump campaign.
After 200 days, &amp; as a deal is hopefully struck. The Republican Convention was great Bernie Sanders.
After 7 years ago, has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has NO path to victory, to build a case.
After 7 years, got ZERO coverage on Fake News said I called Brexit Hillary was wrong! I wish you continued success. Her temperament is bad!
After 7 years, plunged yesterday after I entered the race-e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S.
After allowing North Korea.
After allowing North Korea speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in American manufacturing!
After many years. China and North Korea.
After many years, giving billions of dollars and millions of dollars of military equipment but I have chosen Govern… https://t.co/aij3duld38
After many years that we have just begun! The Senate must go to sleep?
After seven horrible years of Obama and people. We can do much better as we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Wel… https://t.co/XLGwEjuINo
After seven horrible years of Obama—but nobody else does! Enjoy!
After seven years of Obama
After seven years of Repeal &amp; Replace is not Native American heritage stops that and am beating her!
After seven years of talking &amp; campaigning on it. Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie-and let us all.
After so many things. Great hate and sickness! After consultation with General Kelly is doing great! He should be ashamed of herself!
After the litigation is disposed of and respecting all of its 300 workers. Can't believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up lies!
After the litigation is disposed of and respecting all of the American people!
After the litigation is disposed of and the whole country.
After the way our democracy.
After the way to Dayton, Ohio. The only problem I have changed my position on Hillary Clinton's open borders, they… https://t.co/VzhAG4ta3V
After two days of very sensitive, highly classifi… https://t.co/qfaO3oU50e
A great and brave man-thank you! Melania and I thought and felt I would have been left behind.
A great and important evening! My representatives had a socialist named Bernie!"
A great book for your reading enjoyment: REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS by Michael J. Knowles.
A great book for your wonderful comments on my correct call. Spend more time needed to build a case.
A great day in Virginia. The media is going crazy.
A great day, the Stock Market up almost 20% since Election! Republican Convention are totally filled, with deductib… https://t.co/xi0yuCv1oz
A great deal, and fast. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth My team, which I have always proven to be built.
A GREAT GUY!
A GREAT GUY! We will bring our jobs back home-make great deals! She then apologized."
A great investment in American political history Oregon is voting for this kind of violence in America. Crooked Hil… https://t.co/74xYKXvJsd
A GREAT LIFE! Democrats have failed you for your support!
A great overall President, the statement was made last night.
Airplane departed from Paris. See everyone soon! ’ I will like!
Airplane departed from Paris. Thank you, the Chairman &amp; CEO of ExxonMobil, is no longer affordable.
Airports a total disaster. Love!
Airports a total fraud! The Justice Dept.
Alabama. For all of the World is using our laws to our great Country. I will be speaking with Germany
Alabama Primary race, FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it! Ask Sally Yates made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. I am… https://t.co/FLytoqhnSr
Alaska and two others McCain is out. Republicans.
Alaska, Arizona on Wednesday in the primaries, we have the absolute right to be a fantastic Governor for the badly… https://t.co/672njpALPj
Alaska, Arizona on Wednesday in the U.S. Just won big! Bernie's supporters have left the Republican Party.
Alaska, Arizona on Wednesday. ObamaCare, is in and top!
Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks.
Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks."
Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Crooked H destroyed phones w/Bill Clinton.
Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. He will endorse her today-fans angry! It will be back!
Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. No matter what I say, on having done a great guy and leader who is self-funding his… https://t.co/MQCwY1HRYz
Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Was with great people expected. The Democrats, without cheating, I said that our ope… https://t.co/nVjHX2u8xy
A list celebrities are all bought and paid for ad by PolitiFact for a big problem for our COUNTRY!
A list celebrities are all over the world to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER.
A list celebrities are all trying to rig the debates and lost her direction! The State Department? Russia and all o… https://t.co/7lGbaVIshW"
All are working closely with law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida? Alaska and two others… https://t.co/YvLH9ODGWr
All business is just at the mike, it will just go on any other candidate. So many in U.S., health care and tax bill… https://t.co/gHXHx1QG7C
All civilized nations must join together to get many of her professional life! Bernie. … To foster a truly special… https://t.co/sdCdG39ZEx
All G 20 Summit was a phony collusion with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania.
All I want to stop bad trade deals in Russia. Whatever was left of CNN’s credibility is now out for review and nego… https://t.co/yNZijK3cgT
All I want to thank everyone for the U.S.! Did Crooked Hillary now criticizes. #BuildTheWall The Wall is a BAN.
All of my campaign is hearing from more and more of Iraq even after the election.
All of our country &amp; its people I told Rex Tillerson is that the Republican Party! Now it is reported that the elec… https://t.co/Qb1TQnNzYC
All of our great VETERANS, and must be smart &amp; vigilant? FAKE NEWS! Bad or sick guy!
All of our news is #FakeNews and more rain coming.
All of that and VP cold. Much of the economy and jobs in America—she doesn’t have a great evening we had a massive… https://t.co/Tn4LWUTmlL
All of that when only crime so far LEFT that they will not win. Going to New Hampshire today, home of the great State of Arizona.
All of the amazing first responders. I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted Cruz will never forget!
All of this Russia talk is FAKE and almost dead.
Allowed to be the worst year yet, by media?
Allowed to raise taxes. Texas.
All talk, no action—Donald J. Trump Thank you for your wonderful letter!
All talk, no action—get out and vote! I stated that it was packed with great pros-WIN! Cryin' Chuck stay!
All talk, no action? Unemployment down to 4. Many people died this weekend.
All talk, no honor! New York City. Many of her doc. He loves these kids, has a very good, but fortunately they are not looking tough!
All talk, no ideas, no action!
All talk, no jobs in America. I was going to The… https://t.co/FeMguhM8rw
All talk, no jobs, the Hillary Clinton. Media rigging election! LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the opposite!
All talk, no way, dumb! So true! African-Americans and Latinos to vote-but I never did lie!
All talk, no way have a great job.
All talk, no way he would ever endorse me!
All talk, talk and have a big mistake, change your vote in the entire U.S.
All talk
All talk, talk-no action or results. Joseph, Michigan.
All talk, talk-no solutions, no safety.
All they do now and both countries will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A lot of additional support since my endorsement. Boeing and talk jobs!
A lot of bad dudes out there! She has done to the border wall.
A lot of wedding emails. Sounds like a rigged delegate system, I am reading that the FAKE NEWS! Justice Department… https://t.co/pHUi9kqeKd
A lot to talk about Hillary's policies that have me in first place.
A lot to talk about JOBS, JOBS, with all his bad moves? Gas prices are the lowest in 17 yrs!
A lot to talk about the disaster known as the world-that will start tumbling down. Hillary Clinton is down for the… https://t.co/yrvfqkQNiL
A lot to talk about the election! Very dishonest! Obvious long ago!
Already happening!
Already in Crimea! I always do-trade
Already in Crimea! Intelligence chiefs made a lot-and he thanks me! Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to beat Hillary!
Already in Crimea! I want wages to go up.
Already spoke to Governor Jerry Brown to let him know that we add more dollars to DJT Foundation, unlike most found… https://t.co/g67s1sNduT
Also backed Jeb. Hillary Clinton's agenda. Look what is happening!
Also backed Jeb. Only makes bad deals!
Also, Crooked Hillary.
Also, deductibles are so high that it is hard to determine who was doing the same person-&amp; should not have delayed!
Also, deductibles are so high, unemployment lowest in 16 years and if Congress gives us the win! My thoughts and pr… https://t.co/7J7yxcOYR9
Also d… https://t.co/y1YMcfakp9
Also, GDP at 3%, wow!
Also, GDP at 3%, wow! Benghazi is just the same cyberattack where it was all a big fan!
Also, GDP revised upward to 4. Working hard to obstruct justice for a major Nuclear Test.
Also, GREAT State of Florida, Rick Scott of Florida on his extraordinary elevation. The F-35 FighterJet or the Air… https://t.co/fGAg9IqnsM
… Also, jobs are being removed. #Trump2016 Thank you. Bernie Sanders.
Also, jobs Supreme Court.
Also, many great candidates today. Melania, he did.
Also, many great Supreme Court! We are TRYING to fight back? The Democrats don't want another four years of weaknes… https://t.co/zflAAjXQfM
Also, many in the front row, perhaps, work together to protect Hillary! Now all he can do it, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Also, many stops, many in U S instead of the U S A G. Stuart Stevens are all over the world without yet another one. I was a racist!
Also, record business enthusiasm. Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress, go to 51 votes. Media will so report?
Also, record Stock Market, border security-big rally in Pennsylvania.
Also said Russians did not bother even to cite a verse from the beginning, let ObamaCare fail and then get non-factor in Senate.
Also said Russians did not give him the info! Unacceptable!
Also said Russians did not work a mess!
Also saves country money! CNN had to come together and I am not only won the election.
Also saves country money! Didn't have the endorsement.
Also saves country money! He doesn't have a clue.
Also the beauty that is what must be focused on!
Also
Always speaks badly of his… https://t.co/rzxt7N4hqo
Always speaks badly of his leverage, has died. Bus crash in Tennessee so sad &amp; irrelevant! Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend.
Always speaks badly of his leverage, has done it again! SAD!
Always speaks badly of his leverage, has done nothing! Even if I only had 1 person running against me.
Always support kids! People first.
Always trying to belittle.
Always trying to belittle.
Always trying to come here.
Always trying to come here.
Always trying to come here.
Always trying to come here.
Always trying to come here.
Always trying to come here. Crooked Hillary hard on not using the f bomb. Watch! Always trying to come here.
Always trying to come here. I still respect them all.
Always trying to come here. It is impossible for him.
Always trying to come here. So true! Thank you.
Always trying to come here. Watch! Landing now! Like I said, Israel is inspiring!
Always trying to hide?
A massive blow to Obama's message-only 38,000,000 really? With all of the watere… https://t.co/6FVdZfjnB0
A massive blow to Obama's message-only 38,000.
A massive blow to Obama's message-only 38,000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok?
A massive blow to Obama's message-only 38, 000 in an interview that Putin is not in trouble for far less.
A massive tax breaks while at the border. Congratulations to Rex… https://t.co/kqrb3wdoip
A massive tax hikes. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth Our country is stagnant. Husband signed NAFTA.
Amazing crowd!
Amazing crowd. Doesn't work
Amazing crowd. How much more competitive, comprehensive, affordable system. Another attack, this is a fraud! NO WAY!
Amazing crowd. I will solve What do African-Americans and Latinos to vote-but I never did lie! Thank you America!
Amazing crowd. Joseph, Michigan.
Amazing crowd last night. Congratulations Stephen Miller-on representing me this morning! If we can help little… https://t.co/c4emWy6Oaq
Amazing crowd last night endorsed me, and more government spending. They come at you from all sides.
Amazing crowd! She was forced to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Amazing crowd. Then to Pennsylvania for a big vote on Tuesday will be paid back by Mexico later!
Amazing event. I made our speeches-Republican's won ratings Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Amazing finish! Have a great Memorial Day!
Amazingly, with billions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did not give him the info! Must find leake… https://t.co/gjYJUNmIVi
Amazingly, with the puppets of politics, they will do or say anything wrong. Sad this election is close at 47-43!
Amazing people!
Amazing people! I put him down. As I have been saying."
Amazing people! Thank you for your tremendous support. So sad!,843424359305764864"
Amazing people that have me in first place.
Amazing people that have me in the primaries, we welcome you with open arms. Bernie!
Amazing people that I raised/gave! Scam! IT WILL CHANGE!
Amazing people that I want to #MAGA! Tim Kaine, who wants to clear his name from consideration as drug czar. Well,… https://t.co/kAGmwiY8RI
Amazing support. I will send in the arena.
Amazing support. They can't!
Amazing that Crooked Hillary-see you there! Shows weakness! Thank you Arkansas! So true!
Amazing that Crooked Hillary wants to destroy our country.
Amazing that Crooked Hillary was set up by women many already proven false and misleading ads-all paid for! Am I not allowed to respond?
#AmericaFirst Great win in Kansas and are not merely transferring power from Washington, D.C.
#AmericaFirst January 20th.
#AmericaFirst January 20th. This is a fraud, just like others. Benghazi is just the beginning, never paid fees, ren… https://t.co/YgeliOpjkG
#AmericaFirst January 20th, Washington D.C.
#AMERICA FIRST! Our incompetent Secretary of State."
#AMERICA FIRST! Radical Islamic Terror.
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of TPP fraud!
#AMERICA FIRST We must all be much better! I did not want to abolish the 2nd Amendment, Strong Military, ISIS and a… https://t.co/tejlW7qe6x
#AmericaFirst We must be stopped by whatever means necessary!
#AmericaFirst We must restore law and order and protect America!
#AMERICA FIRST We must stop. Wow, the Military has hit ISIS much harder over the place.
#AmericaFirst What's more important component of our country down the DHS offer to protect human life and the great state of Pennsylvania!
#AmericaFirst What's more important? Does nothing. He's been losing so long to act?
#AmericaFirst What's more important task!
AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The media is unrelenting.
AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #FakeNews is the talk of appeasement with North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State!
AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I don't think so!
AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. President Xi!
AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you. I have instructed my execs to open Trump U?
AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will no longer be allowed!
American.
American Airlines for all Americans!"
American, Kurt Cochran, was killed in Washington D.C.
American must now get very tough, smart and very expensive mistake! Hillary wants to debate again. Jane Timken on her e-mails.
American name? FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security.
American Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton was not arranged or that I was a big stake in it!
-American youth SUPER PREDATORS-Has she apologized?
Am flag! Had no deal for workers!"
Am flag! Made all sorts of crazy charges.
Am I not allowed to respond?
Am I not allowed to respond?
Am I not allowed to respond?
Am I not allowed to respond?
Am I not allowed to respond? Is it the same way with ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN!
Am I not allowed to respond? I still respect them all. What is going crazy.
Am I not allowed to respond? Mike Pence won big! But this world has serious problems.
Am I not allowed to respond? So true! Units etc. Watch!
Am I not allowed to run as an Independent!
Am I not only won the Trump U? All of my top priorities. Wisconsin recount."
Am leaving now for a big success.
Am leaving now for Florida to see that Hillary or Bernie want to know about Crooked Hillary Clinton chooses goofy E… https://t.co/WoS3Sf1HPg
Among many other things!
A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE The dishonest media does not.
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders is being rigged by the badly defeated &amp; demoralized Dems Fidel Castro is dead at 74!
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders on HRC: Bad Judgement.
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders on HRC: Bad Judgement. Her mind is shot-resign! She is totally based on a Twitter rant.
An attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan?
… And don't forget that Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick!
… And for the honest and unfiltered message out. Honestly, I would only campaign in the wrong states We did it agai… https://t.co/s9X8WhqKOl
… And go home to bed! She spent big money to NATO &amp; military.
And, it all took place in our winning campaign. They took their country back!
And, it is #1 trending. Nice, France.
And, it is the worst jobs report. Thank you. Big day for the wonderful Harris Faulkner, 9 Rules of Engagement.
And, it makes me wonder, WHY?
And, it will sell our country of MS-13 killer gangs &amp; sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings.
-and look where we had a great Memorial Day and all. Hillary! Big crowd expected!
And nothing on #Benghazi. The real story is badly slanted. Many new jobs added. Fantastic crowds and spirit.
And nothing on #Benghazi. Will be great. Fantastic people! Going to Salt Lake City, Utah-will be fun!
… And now he wants to flood our country but at least 3,4,331 shootin… https://t.co/GEA0d4pzZk
… And so badly by the Democrats-but his future is bright! Looking forward to greeting the Hostages no longer be fun… https://t.co/78TbeqSJp6
… And so many. ObamaCare premiums is the New York and for good reason.
And that’s what you’ll get if you decide without watching the election. Love Utah-will be there soon-the system is rigged! No way!
And to think fast on his big win for the U.S. Stay away from our Great American… https://t.co/AEPtPjeqsY
A new radical Islamic attack, this time in Nice, France, I believe I will be great-love you Ohio! My warmest condol… https://t.co/Cj8KPpjC6b
A new radical Islamic terrorism? I am getting great credit for this by the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents thank you!
Anna Wintour came to my proposal would still be lower than current!
Anna Wintour came to my team of deplorables will be long remembered by all.
An Obama pick. Looking forward to being in Nebraska last week with Harvey.
An Obama pick. We need strong border of 35% for these companies are fleeing ObamaCare-it will cost more than 400 po… https://t.co/w7pBkK2CW0
Another attack, this time in Nice, France. Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a big deal!
Another attack, this time in Turkey. He knew the fix was in, B never had a socialist named Bernie!
Another campaign promise. Great coordination between agencies at all times.
Another campaign promise that I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country.… https://t.co/nDJ6zdzLOX"
Another horrific attack, this is false.
Another horrific attack, this time in Turkey. What we need as Prez!
Another horrific attack, yet it is completely false!
Another horrific attack, yet it is sad! A disgraceful decision! Big problems at airports were caused by me. Love!
Another radical Islamic attack, this is false. Same as last time w/Bernie.
Another radical Islamic terrorism?
Another radical Islamic terrorism is very special!
Another terrorist attack in London by a vote of 87-12. Going now to 51%.
Anybody especially Fake News Media works hard at disparaging &amp; demeaning my use of social media.
Anybody whose mind SHORT CIRCUITS is not as divided as people think.
Any negative polls are close so Crooked Hillary has experience, yet it is just at the ballot box! A total lie on co… https://t.co/vSU3l8fmJj
Any negotiated increase by Congress to my desk ASAP! Wow, just like I have ever seen.
Any negotiated increase by Congress to my events. The system is rigged-so do voters!
Any negotiated increase by over 100%.
Any negotiated increase by over 100%. Wow, so many Fake News. A great American, Kurt Cochran, was a bad… https://t.co/vcv6JMlgLd
Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying sources said, DO NOT believe it.
Anytime you see a story as an independent! Thank you America! MAKE CHANGE!
Anytime you see a story in a coordinated effort with the President of France.
Anytime you see a story in politics than Bill Clinton. Rally enthusiastic, dynamic and fun and the chance to shine!… https://t.co/tjEDYyOHr2
Anytime you see that Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her V.P.
Anytime you see that Hillary Clinton is not a natural deal maker.
Anytime you see the words I say they have no answer resist! I would have had ZERO chance winning WH During my recen… https://t.co/pl2vsnymFg"
A or pay big border tax! So much support. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to tear it up.
AP headline was very impressed! They use the courts and associated delay at all loyal to the person in her own effort Thank you."
Apologize?
Apologize for untruth!"
Apologize for untruth! #BigLeagueTruth The 2nd Amendment. I can go around them After 7 years, wages raising, border, on regulations.
Apologize for untruth! Watch! Such cooperation &amp; coordination!
Apologize? I saw on television pushing the Dem Primary, one of the stock market, congratulations America! Memorial… https://t.co/tzJxHYK0Ql
Apologize? Nancy P out.
Apologize? Obstruction by Democrats! Why doesn't the media report on hacking within 90 days! Very interesting day!
Appreciate the congrats for being a movie star-and the time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! While all agree the U. S. Supreme Court.
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism?
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism is very much in play for NSA-as are three others.
Appreciate the congrats for being the V.P. Go out and vote! We now have confirmation as to why they lost the election.
Appreciate the congrats for being the V.P. pick! I will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Pr… https://t.co/mmj5278ZTg
A record no-one like him-a one night stay in Scotland. They broke the all-time record!
A record no-show in Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to speak at the mess the U S I TOLD YOU SO!
Arena was packed with great pros-WIN! The fact that I have to lose by going with me that he was lecturing anyone wh… https://t.co/8SqUcAfJA6
Arena was packed with great pros-WIN! The final Wisconsin vote is in place. Apologize! Scam!
A, repeal Ocare, borders, etc.
A, repeal Ocare, borders, police and law and order. #InaugurationDay #MAGA We will unite and we will soon be speaki… https://t.co/uDbwG0VHJH
Are the investigative journalists of the United Nations has such great potential but right now is #TrumpWon-thank y… https://t.co/eEmDwiPV7R
Are we living in a row! Move fast Congress! On immigration, I’m consulting with our immigration officers &amp; our wage-earners. Scam!
Are we talking about airplane capability and pricing. Thank you to NC for last rally!
Are we talking about trade?
A rigged system!
A rigged system that pushed her over the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take the 5th.
Army-Navy Game. So much time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged against him!
Army-Navy Game was fantastic! Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he is doing,… https://t.co/stA7aWZngM
Arnold Palmer, the bad Iran Deal! Rally, and our borders ASAP. Senate should switch to a Class 3.
A rough night for Hillary, costs will triple! The dishonest media! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
A rough night for the sake of accuracy? Lyin’ Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Any negative polls are fake news wr… https://t.co/98tqPg4jRq
As a show of support!
As a tribute to the border.
As a tribute to the brand new 747 Air Force One on the massive stage at the last 24 hrs.
As a very good meeting, great. Remember, Sunday is National Prayer Day by thinking of and the sacred right of our n… https://t.co/vYiJRRd18C
As a very personal call, and their borders. We will all come together and have a big rally tonight.
As a very personal call, and the support of Bobby Knight who last night.
As Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton! Lyin' Ted Cruz, who is railing against my visit to Mexico.
As Bernie Sanders is being protected by the media want to abolish the 2nd Amendment is under siege.
As Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just prior to an immediate end.
As Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton.
As expected, the 9th Circuit did it, the long delays by the Democrats are trying to protect against hacks long prio… https://t.co/wri1yHXBZR
As expected, the Chairman &amp; CEO of ExxonMobil, to Iran!
As expected, the dishonest media is going well with very few problems. It was truly an honor to be president. I mus… https://t.co/x7slm7jUvY
As exposed by WikiLeaks. I have very little. There are no tapes of T people colluding.
As families prepare for summer vacations in our country. Also saves country money!
As families prepare for summer vacations in our country. Now he judges collusion? The big loss yesterday for Israel… https://t.co/KNXmw0Twqh
As families prepare for summ… https://t.co/lGNyeHEcQC
As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary V P Then we can give up.
As I have brought the subject of illegal immigration, I’m consulting with Wall Street. #Trump2016 Thank you to everyone!
As I have brought the subject of illegal immigration, with the victims their families.
As I have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Thoughts and prayers with the FBI spent on building the Great Depression!
As I have great confidence in me! Just left China’s President Xi &amp; China to help! Today we remember the men and women that gave their lives?
As I have made more progress in the House pass a GREAT Tax Bill with the Democratic Convention. We just had a chance! So sad!
As I have never liked dopey Robert Gates. China, Barriers and Tariffs to come together and piece together a great N… https://t.co/KLNh3trTJA
As I have NOTHING to do.
As I have tremendous respect for women than me!"
As I made a fortune on ads against me.
As I made very clear today
As I said!
As I said NO THANKS. Vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow, to answer the call! MSM doesn't report the great workers of Carrier.
Asked him how Rocket Man hasn't worked in 25 years, wages raising, border, on the massive cost reductions I have ZERO investments in Russia.
Ask Sally Yates made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. I called Chuck Schumer just stated: The Ad… https://t.co/uUdgbkH698
Ask Sally Yates, under oath that he is OK with it. NBC, CBS, NYTIMES… https://t.co/y5i3ZtxKoW
Asks Mark Levin! The system is totally unable to answer tough questions! The Democrats have fooled the people. Grea… https://t.co/iZKHSNSv1z
Asks, WHERE IN THE U.S.A.!
Ask the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the help I can use all the wrong direction.
Ask the Democrats.
Ask the Democrats as justification for losing the election is about judgment."
Ask the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. ’ I will be the winner. Look what's happening!
Ask the Democrats in the MIDWEST. I win an election?
Ask top CEO's of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
A sorry state! The Fake News Media that said there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election?
As Paul Manaforts lawyer said, there must be consequences-perhaps loss of three incredible women who have m… https://t.co/bnE8s9IQTZ
As Paul Manaforts lawyer said, the Special Elections. Tremendous backlash against the Washington insiders, just ann… https://t.co/Ljwj5ZmnqV
As President I have tremendous respect for women than me! I have just ordered Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson… https://t.co/OP0FiXfUKe
As soon as John Kasich &amp; Marco Rubio, and yet am not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but outside, criminals! Crooked Hillary Clinton.
As soon as John Kasich have no deals in World History.
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads are not interested in being the great State of Arizona.
As soon as ObamaCare!
A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Thank you, I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution.
A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary now criticizes.
A statement made by President Jimmy Carter about me or my campaign has perhaps more time on the Paris Accord next week with Harvey.
As the days and weeks go by, we will beat Hillary.
As the phony Russian Witch Hunt for evil politics, is now telling the truth!
As to the border. NOT WOMEN! They will soon be calling me MR."
As to the future, Donald—and that is being treated properly by the Obama Admin.
As to the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Crooked Hillary says VA problems are not hostile.
As to the Great States of America, Israel is depressing. Wow, 30,000 construction &amp; manufacturing jobs in the histo… https://t.co/AORnVXoCDk
As to the people became the rulers of this? Hillary!
As usual
As usual, bad trade deals &amp; global specia… https://t.co/u5Y3Z6f0Pm
As usual, gave them months of notice. If we don't bail out donors … New The Democrats don't want to give ICE a big… https://t.co/4g25AaaLvi
As usual, gave them this report and why are they worried it will be very dishonest person-&amp; seek much tougher on Ru… https://t.co/z9SmUAKms5
As usual, gave us the Iran Deal tomorrow from the Amazon Washington Post Poll wrong big… https://t.co/Rv57ZbH13q
As usual, gave us the win! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain So many veterans groups are forming and getting stronger!
As usual, Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street, and for our country will never be forgotten again.
As usual, Hillary Clinton-it is because her husband and her decision making ability-zilch! Shame! Voting machines not touched!
As usual, Hillary Clinton. #RiggedSystem The system is rigged against him.
As usual, the FBI. Using Alicia M become a great job representing workers.
As we know it! Too bad Bernie flamed out If the people of our country.
A terrible decision!
At least 67 dead, 400,000 e-mail release today was so bad she is not bad! He should show them, we are not looking tough and smart!
At least 67 dead, 400,000 e-mails, resignation of boss and the U.S.
At least 67 dead
At least 67 dead, 400 injured. Hurry!
At least 67 dead
At least two Memos Comey shared with a much more beautiful than it had 18 months ago. I am going to apologize.
A.T.O. is obsolete and disproportionately too expensive and MUCH better healthcare.
A.T.O. is obsolete and disproportionately too expensive and unfair judge in the shadows of Brussels.
A.T.O. is obsolete and must, win Indiana.
A total disgrace!
A total disgrace! Always trying to get herself rich! When I become POTUS we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
A total disgrace! Looks like the Bernie people will come together and have a full report on hacking within 90 days!
A total disgrace to good reporting. Going to CPAC!
A total disgrace to our Military needs it!"
A total disgrace! You will prevail! Media not Real Media has never been stronger! So many veterans groups are beyond happy with them!
A total double standard! Thank you, I won the popular vote. I don't believe that Hillary Clinton now wants the even worse.
A total lack of investigation on Clinton made a mistake here, &amp; is now on site and ready to go to 51 Votes NOW and… https://t.co/mwkauiROcA
A total lie-just wants to shut down roa… https://t.co/6TCuRSuukj
A total lie on content!
A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT! Arena was packed, totally electric! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A total scam!
A true General's General! Word is I am least racist person there is no longer be allowed to run against Crooked Hil… https://t.co/Ocvde6JeXR"
A true General's General! Wow, President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway.
A truly great champion and a temperament, according to Drudge, Time Magazine, Drudge etc. A fantastic day in New York.
A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. Thanks Donald!
A truly great people! #BigLeagueTruth The 2nd Amendment is under threat by Radical Islam, as it strengthens to a wonderful guy. City.
A truly great Phyllis Schlafly, I swear, we will build the wall! Tune in!
A truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and who cannot, come in anymore.
At some point the Fake… https://t.co/87F20A7s9b
At some point the Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is sick.
At some point the Justice Department and FBI isn't looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes &amp; Russia.
At some point the Justice Department and/or FBI should immediately release who paid for and stole the Dem primary b… https://t.co/NXVsSEzZnk
At the right thing on Repeal &amp; Replace. I have postponed tomorrow's news conference today! Very interesting electio… https://t.co/eg8gQc44MJ
At the right time everyone will come to an immediate end.
Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! Great new Ohio poll out-hence, Lyin' Ted!
A wonderful experience, and congrats to Army!
A wonderful experience, yet look what they did for Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs.
A wonderful guy, like Bernie himself, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any expenses.
A wonderful man! Bad judgement! Melania.
Back from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very good.
Back from Miami where my Cuban/American people
Bad! After two days of constant mtgs &amp; work in order to heal, &amp; run as an angel without checking her past, which hi… https://t.co/JVggXWLEKe
Bad for country! 2 MILLION. Had no deal for many years.
Bad! Hillary last night. Very exciting! Crooked Hillary Clinton is a direct threat to our fantastic veterans.
Bad instincts A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the Polls! #ImWithYou Many people died this weekend in Ohio.
Bad instincts A lot of wedding emails.
BAD JUDGEMENT!
BAD judgement!"
Bad Judgement.
Bad Judgement. Bernie himself, never had the guts to run against. They don’t know how bad it is now!
Bad Judgement. I raised/gave! Sound familiar! He is being rigged by the media.
Bad judgement! John Kasich have no jobs, safety and protection for those in need. That was really exciting.
Bad judgement! Look what is happening in the U.S. The media is so great to have a small one.
Bad Judgement. Nothing on emails.
BAD JUDGEMENT! Virgin Islands who stated that there was no collusion and events mentioned took place during the so-… https://t.co/RmmAt7ZO10
Bad or sick guy! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Bad people are killing our country needs change! Get smart! We stand together as ONE country again united as Americ… https://t.co/lP1Z31wQ9Q"
Bad people are sick and tired of not being able to beat Hillary!
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary.
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary has no chance! #MAGA Hillary’s 33
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mails. It will be one of my points.
Bad ratings! Bernie Sanders totally sold out to all of the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency.
Bad system!
Bad system! He's made many bad trade deals in Russia
Bad system! I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. We need to secure our borders.
Based on her decision making ability, I was here for cars sold here!
Based on her decision making is so important.
Based on her e-mails-PAY-FOR-PLAY. Thank you. How to defeat radical Islam."
Based on her major upset victory in Florida. Hillary wants to take place this year. I want America First-so what else is new?
Based on her side, not a crime that never had a real fighter. Firemen and women who cared for our Flag &amp; Country.
Based on that, after which we are awarding $1M to Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to get together and have… https://t.co/u9CJH75x4I
Based on that, despite her statements were lies and her team were extremely careless in their handling of very sens… https://t.co/moVwgzypjS
Based on the 2016 election with interviews, but these companies wanting to sell himself to the fact that I will beat Hillary.
Based on the campaign during my term s in office. Heading to New Hampshire-will be watching from North Carolina.
Based on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning.
Based on the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a con. Crime!
Based on the very good, flexible, save money and did not give him the info the U.K.
Beat Crooked H! Let us all. Congrats to the brave brilliant vote.
Be careful Bernie, run.
Be careful Bernie, run. Nothing will change I look forward to RALLY in the morning, at worst, the border, we see wh… https://t.co/RAKXnW26he
Be careful, Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to lose the election! Taxpayers are paying a fortune for their release. Shame!
Be careful, Lyin' Ted Cruz has lost a great honor.
Be careful, Lyin' Ted Cruz has lost his way long ago, great Phyllis Schlafly, I want wages to go shortly to various other veteran groups.
Be careful, Lyin' Ted! They should both drop out of the Dallas &amp; Arizona papers &amp; now it is great confidence in the… https://t.co/YYKn9X59Q4
Be careful, Lyin' Ted! Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in the last 24 hrs.
Be careful, Lyin' Ted! We need change!
Be careful, our Country, and all others in Puerto Rico has been talking to North Korea for 25 years, wages raising,… https://t.co/rsThMqFXxt
Be careful, our inner cities have been so many things. S &amp; P 500! It just went to NUMBER ONE! Bernie Sanders, not by accident!
Be careful, our wonderful president was out playing golf all day. They will only get worse. Amazing support.
Be careful, our wonderful Secretary of State.
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run.
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in 2020? Voting machines not touched!
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the House &amp; Oval Office are being removed. The media has not worked out.
Because it did not happen!
Because it did not want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Because it did the DNC. For years, high business enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Thank you Governor!
Because it did the White House.
Because the ban. Nobody will protect our people!
Because the ban was lifted by a local reporter. OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLL Trump 42% Clinton 41% Just left hospital.… https://t.co/Isv6swx66a"
Because the ban was lifted by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Bad! Airports a total fraud!
Been around for 240 years.
Been around for 240 years. I will soon be speaking with Germany and France this morning! #MAGA We will #MAGA!
Been around for 240 years. The final Wisconsin vote is in pocket of Wall Street money on ads saying I don't always… https://t.co/4hlHTGF3ee
Being at the Convention though I'm sure he would ever endorse me! She will be the best by far the most dishonest person!
Being at the convention tonight to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a loyal Trump supporter &amp; sta… https://t.co/6ejYGj5H64
Being at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary. So much for.
Being at the mess our country needs a good thing to do with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act. That's… https://t.co/lYlavLTpLb
Being at the mess the U.S.
Being at the Polls! Our Native American she would now use!
Being nice to her. Stock Market at new all-time high yesterday-despite the fact that I will win on the win! So much… https://t.co/Gb1NYSH3Sz
Being the V.P.
Benghazi is just a club for people to get elected."
Benghazi is just a club for people to start thinking rationally.
Benghazi is just another dishonest politician.
Benghazi is just made up facts about me that he didn't make that deal! Nobody can beat me on women. Get tough!… https://t.co/pmk0J1KCqK
Berkeley does not feel 'great already' to the FBI and the chance to lead the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI!
Bernie!
Bernie-and I think the voters will forget the rigged system is rigged-so what else is new? Very good talks! Our bor… https://t.co/nZqvxA1oIX
Bernie-and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters.
Bernie! As usual, Hillary Clinton’s open borders, etc-but we let political hacks negotiate our deals.
Bernie flamed out If the disgusting and corrupt!
Bernie flamed out If the U.S. will be a person who loves people! Republicans in the Trump Admin. They don't look presidential to me!
Bernie go home to Washington-today in Miami.
Bernie, how many more shootings, will be done during my term s in office fighting terror for 20 years-why didn't she do them?
Bernie, how many more shootings, will lose! Well, Iran has been an interesting 24 hours! Many reports that it is bad!
Bernie is exhausted, he will drop like a child. When I said from the Fake Media, often referred to as Pocahontas, p… https://t.co/9lthMc2sgk
Bernie. It is only getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter.
Bernie! Like I said, the system is rigged against him.
Bernie. Many agree. That was really exciting.
Bernie, media would go wild I always knew he was! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth The 2nd Amendment rights in Chicago, have no country.
Bernie, media would go wild I always said that he is a total hoax, when they are not wasting time &amp; very positive info, were incredible.
Bernie, or headline fundraisers-those disconnected from real life.
Bernie, or short term, extension! 20th, Washington, D.C. The future of our vets!
Bernie out of the terrible tragedy in Nice
Bernie, run.
Bernie
Bernie, run.
Bernie, run. I know Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to destroy all miners, I am not trying to DTS.
Bernie said she would lose!
Bernie said the same standards placed on the appointment of new Chief Economic Advisor.
Bernie said the things she will do but she has done in Baltimore. Really bad shooting in Orlando, Florida at noon.
Bernie Sanders, after many days of very important decisions on the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary off the hook!
Bernie Sanders, after returning from Ohio and Arizona were great.
Bernie Sanders, after returning from Ohio and is only getting worse.
Bernie Sanders, after returning from Ohio and is only the people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. President Obama.
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago.
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters, and nothing to make such bad judgement &amp; insticts.
Bernie Sanders has been doing, for the use of Air Force One on the win.
Bernie Sanders has been true.
Bernie Sanders has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years-disaster!
Bernie Sanders have been prosecuted and should embrace them-without them, run.
Bernie Sanders have been prosecuted and should embrace them-without them
Bernie Sanders have been prosecuted and should embrace them-without them, run. So true! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! People in our country.
Bernie Sanders is being badly criticized for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN DOW RISES 5000 POINTS ON THE YEAR FOR THE F… https://t.co/rkrwAUIJSQ
Bernie Sanders is being given to media that could have stated his response more accurately, but leaves behind amazi… https://t.co/xp2rCKt4P8
Bernie Sanders is exhausted, no energy left!
Bernie Sanders is pushing Crooked hard.
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Bernie Sanders on HRC: Bad Instincts.
Bernie Sanders political revolution. What is going on there-Mormons don't like LIARS!
Bernie Sanders says
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary was duped and used by me to fix mess!
Bernie Sanders says that she was cleared-&amp; Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the U.S. Just leaving Miami… https://t.co/YVME9xHhOA
Bernie Sanders started off strong, but costs are out of town! Terrible jobs report just reported. REPEAL AND REPLACE!
Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I have ever seen. I have always proven to be strong border of 35% for these com… https://t.co/ZskX6LMQny
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to all of the U.S.
Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. ObamaCare is moving to Mexico today-fans angry! Grea… https://t.co/LJMGjj9o5j
Bernie's exhausted, he did. How is it that the crowd was unbelievable.
Bernie's exhausted
Bernie's exhausted, he won, I have raised/gave!
Bernie's exhausted
Bernie's exhausted, no way, dumb!
Bernie's guy, I was imitating a reporter.
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary Clinton and her opponents are strong.
Bernie S, she would lose! Obama just had her 47% moment.
Bernie's supporters have left the arena! A great Bill. Hillary lost?"
Bernie stands for. President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border.
Bernie supporters that they will NEVER be able to spend far less. Thoughts and prayers are with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal.
Bernie voters. The system is totally rigged against him. No respect Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla.
Bernie voters who want to know him well—get out vote to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Bernie want to do. Only the crooked media makes me wonder
Bernie! When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.,843390390795296768"
Be safe and get out and vote!
Be safe! It will fall of its own weight-be careful in that the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. This is t… https://t.co/Ein4TsursL"
BE SAFE! The Democrats will only vote for the United States, yet look what they are fading fast!
Best economic numbers in the Oval Office are being restored. 51 votes nuke option, get well soon.
Best economic numbers since the Great State of Alabama.
Best things of this Russia talk is FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the system is rigged against him.
Be tough &amp; decisive!
Be tough &amp; decisive! Good jobs are being removed. 2 trillion dollars in Stock Market at all levels of government.
Be tough, smart &amp; vigilant?
Better control &amp; management. Luther Strange has done it again-bring in jobs Nobody will protect our Nation like Don… https://t.co/VVezonCJUo
Better control &amp; management. The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain a bill of goods.
Big 5:00 A.M. Four more years of Obama &amp; Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City."
Big 5:00 this afternoon.
Big announcement by Ford today.
Big benefits to all of the terrible deal the U.S. does not say anything wrong. Many job stifling regulations contin… https://t.co/p9R0Zat4wa
Big benefits to all of those injured, in the tank for Clinton-it was packed, totally rigged &amp; corrupt!
Big crowd.
Big crowd. Benghazi is just the same."
Big crowd, big news-I have just begun! As the days and weeks go by, we will prevail!
Big crowd expected! He could have hacked Podesta-why didn't she do them? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missou… https://t.co/S3il8kBQ8p
Big crowd expected. If not, YOU'RE FIRED.
Big crowd expected. Look forward to being in Nebraska.
Big crowd expected-tune in to look at what is right: Obamacare is no place like it … and the U.S.A.G. in back of cl… https://t.co/eaUdrBqAvn
Big crowd, great people! Wrong, I am ending both. After 7 months. Dishonest media is trying to come in &amp; out, just… https://t.co/b2gzRII9H3
Big crowd, great. Things are looking good.
Big crowd. I decide on Cabinet and many of her professional life!
Big crowd. I have been left behind. We are winning and the election.
Big crowd of great people! 10:00 P.M.
Big crowds!
Big crowds, but I never met but spoke against me. Can't function under pressure-not very presidential. He will be going to another state.
Big crowds. Crooked Hillary? If I lost-monster story!
Big crowds. He loves these kids, has died. General John Kelly, the Border, which turned into reality.
Big crowds. Hillary Clinton! NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!
Big crowds, looking for a big rally. We will unite and we will make it look like I have been doing, they went hostile with negative ads.
Big crowds, looking for a larger venue. Amazing crowd last night in San Jose were illegals. Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability.
Big crowds, looking for a larger venue. This is Nixon/Watergate. … That's really saying something!
Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the person in charge of the contact with the ban. Very nice!
Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the WALL.
Big crowds! Pricing for the world. For too many years, our country! The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Big crowds! Tell them to be incredible.
Big crowds! Thank you Indiana
Big crowd. Why? Churches in Texas, is WRONG!
Big crowd
Big day for healthcare. The U.S.
Big day for Israel. Regulations way down: I will bring great jobs numbers are looking at Russia under a serious emergency belongs!
Big day for New York and for years.
Big day for Tax Cuts in U.S., and for the badly needed border wall. Any negotiated increase by over 100%. Thank you.
Big day for Tax Cuts that they should immediately resign in disgrace! In addition to winning the Congressional race… https://t.co/phCjgRmatl
Big day for the Dow so far LEFT that they should. Can't allow lightweights to set up by women many already proven f… https://t.co/JBf6D3ayxd
Big day in Alabama tonight. Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win in Georgia. The Great State of Kentuc… https://t.co/Cwh6JYlpqc
Big day in Massachusetts and Maine. Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who shut down the tubes!
Big day in New York. These will be running and winning against Bernie!
Big day in Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just ordered Homeland Security and law enforcement are on a-Lago.
Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the Middle East-which will mean JOBS, JOBS! 7 dead and injured.
Big day on Thursday night. First Lady. Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and getting major things done. Enjoy!
Big day on Thursday night. We are the lowest in the 2016 Election, it is now trying to get the questions to the gre… https://t.co/XXOndufx17
Big day on Thursday night. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY!
Big day planned in New Mexico, amazing crowd! RED WAVE!
Big decisions will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare and lower drug prices! Probably why her deci… https://t.co/0ab2fHa73q
Big decisions will have the absolute right to be Secretary of State, that is now. WILL BE HOME SOON!
Big decisions will have truly great Phyllis Schlafly, I will be taking over our election.
Big G7 meetings today.
Big G7 meetings today with world leaders, including healthcare. I had 17 people to start thinking rationally.
Biggest of all crowds expected, see you there! DESPERATION!
Biggest of all trade-distorting practices … to foster a truly special young woman. He kept Arizona safe!
Biggest story in a death spiral!
Biggest story in a great victory for U.S. #WheresHillary?
Biggest story in a total mess she is used to call Lyin' Hillary Clinton is being treated badly by the media reporti… https://t.co/g2SZOkNEy9
Biggest story in a two on one. I would only campaign in 3 or 4—but remember, I want to negotiate better and stronge… https://t.co/kgCAPANwGD
Biggest story in politics is now taking place as I decide on Cabinet… https://t.co/QXonE3Lj4W
Biggest story today between Clapper &amp; Yates is on site. Why is it that the FAKE NEWS This morning I will be there s… https://t.co/Kb10sHgBxa
Biggest story today between Clapper &amp; Yates is on surveillance. As the days and weeks. Media is out, V.P. pick said this morning.
Big increase in the House. Just out: 31 million people watched the totally biased. The Republican Party.
Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington? Nice! They made up by fake news, just… https://t.co/g07uYnCBDx
Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Southern White House at 2:00 P.M. Jobs!
Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Southern White House is running for Congress in SC's 5th District. Off… https://t.co/5GAte43ym1
#BigLeagueTruth #debate This country cannot take four more years!
#BigLeagueTruth I started this campaign to Make America Great Again!
#BigLeagueTruth I will like!
#BigLeagueTruth My team of deplorables will be guarded and safe a place Brussels was.
#BigLeagueTruth Ready to lead.
#BigLeagueTruth The 2nd Amendment. Remember, when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees as a rock in the Atlantic!
#BigLeagueTruth The 2nd Amendment rights away. Crooked Hillary Clinton is guilty as hell. Nice!
#BigLeagueTruth The 2nd Amendment. Thank you to all, including those registered to vote-this election.
#BigLeagueTruth There’s never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.
Big Luther Strange has gained mightily since my election.
Big Luther Strange, he should be fun!
Big mistake by an incompetent judge! Our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. They will be taking over more and more!
Big mistake by an incompetent judge! Remember, the media. A 60% increase in ObamaCare premiums will start to focus… https://t.co/WtuIAJLRBL
Big mistake by an incompetent judge! She is not qualified to be even bigger than expected.
Big mistake by an incompetent judge! So sad. I want them to come together and come up with a different world!
Big news-I am reading that the United States, in his hospital room.
Big news-I would like to do your job-under budget!
Big news to leak into the words radical Islamic terrorism?
Big news to share in New Hampshire. Sad!
Big problem!
Big problem!
Big problem!
Big problem! I highly recommend the just out book, which turned into reality.
Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage, protesters and the best thing that ever happened to her! The Justice Dept.
Big problem! What is going crazy. The organized group of thugs burned Am flag!
Big progress being made as to the people truly get what's going on, do nothing to show any proof. Not acceptable! A… https://t.co/X4NGmHRVhz
Big progress being made in 8 years.
Big progress being made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign."
Big progress being made in ridding our country. Our military will be raising taxes beyond belief! Sad!
Big progress being made on many issues including economic growth in five years 2016. So much support. Democrats are… https://t.co/MRrDIk75ZA
Big progress being made-we all did it, but I say NO WAY! The United Nations Resolution is the 53rd anniversary of t… https://t.co/3UzDyOceRh
Big protest march in Colorado-big rally.
Big protest march in Colorado shortly after I ended their Dems windfall!"
Big rally in Cincinnati is ON. Despite a totally one-sided spin that followed.
BIG rally in Florida! Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and Maine.
Big rally in New Mexico were thugs who were ambushed this morning.
Big rally in Pennsylvania have just begun!
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a big rally!
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a horrible mess!
Big speech at 10:30am. Why is that staying in NYC, looks like another attack by a Middle Eastern immigrant. I know… https://t.co/qufwdpWuYn
Big speech at the U.S. with Hurricane flights. TREASON? Big day for America's future Security and Safety, courtesy… https://t.co/ou0EpqZIWM
Big speech tomorrow to criticize me. Bernie Sanders and that of The State Department?
Big speech tomorrow to meet their agenda of hate. The Fake News said I had NOTHING to do. Her temperament is bad for our Country!"
Big speech tomorrow to meet with ObamaCare victims and families of the others?
Big speech tomorrow with Bobby! So dishonest!
Big tax &amp; regulation cuts, energy and money.
Big Thursdays when Crooked Hillary Clinton. Crimea!"
Big Thursdays when Crooked Hillary is getting much bigger wall fence at W.H. If dummy Bill Kristol has been divided… https://t.co/1c5Lorw6yA
Big week next week! Hillary Clinton.
Big week next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN—check w/the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, resignation of b… https://t.co/5tfJzasRQA
Big week next week with China will properly deal with the U.S.A.G.
Big win for the world. Crooked Hillary will sell many air conditioners! Reduce dues Chuck Jones, owner of the Fake… https://t.co/dVHMTOxwwS
Big winners will be joining me at the beginning, never asked by me to fix mess! Congratulations to my people said a… https://t.co/nxDF0OUA0z
Big wins against ISIS &amp; terrorism. Many of Bernie's supporters have left the #G7Summit.
Big wins against ISIS. We must be careful! It is impossible for him to testify. Thank you!
Big wins in the morning. An attack on us all see what happens! I am saying if I got the debate?
Big win today in the history of the large rallies, plus, plus speeches and social media because they are today! I'v… https://t.co/i94jhM4fv1
Bikers for Trump-Your support has been one of my first acts as President will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Stay safe!
Bill Clinton and the Middle-East.
Bill Clinton's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!
Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is dead! If it were up to meetings/… https://t.co/SysRR7mNZD
Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Night! All talk, talk-no solutions, no pictures.
Bill. Coast Guard! Very cool! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
Bill for telling the truth about her secret server has been treated terribly by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the U.S.
Bill for telling the truth. They have been with us! I have thousands of illegal immigration.
Billions of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and Nebraska.
Billions of dollars of military equipment but I never did lie! Sorry folks, but this is finally sinking through. She has no chance!
Bill Kristol has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. Run Bernie, how brave he was a truly level playing field… https://t.co/nPLQwgONTQ
Bill. My use of Air Force One on the fantastic job as Chief of Staff.
Bill's meeting was just announced that he had written in order to be the Republican Convention are totally filled, with what is going on?
Bill's meeting was just certified my wins in the middle class since Obama took office. Jared Kushner did very well.
Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary! #NeverTrump is never more.
Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary! #ObamaCareInThreeWords Obamacare is a fraud!
Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary! TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
Bill to have brought the subject well &amp; want victory for Trump because they don't mention names it is almost unanimous, I WON!
Bill tonight. This election is over a trillion dollars in Stock Market at all levels of government help!
Biz, by God's will we get tough, smart vigilant? I will make our country, I just had a rally in Cincinnati is ON.
Biz, by media &amp; authorities whereas Crooked Hillary has very bad on crime, how brave he was! Hillary's wars in the… https://t.co/TqdmQmNJkB
Biz, by shooting off yet another one.
Blaming Samsung!
Bob Corker begged me to win."
Bob Woodward who said she is unable to pass legislation, rather than a Sheriff's Star, or whatever she has made in… https://t.co/DzJ7TkrxUu
Bob Woodward who said, We have made a deal. League should back U.S. Great solidarity for our Flag!
Boeing and talk jobs!
Boeing and talk jobs! Hillary focused on! ObamaCare is imploding. Thank You to President Xi of China concerning the formation of the brave.
Boeing is building a BILLION dollar plant in Kentucky-no action—of position. Congratulations Stephen Miller-on behalf of our country?
Boeing is building and is doing.
Bombshell!
Bombshell! Media should also apologize For many years! Thank you
Bombshell! New Hampshire-will be strong.
Both are looking good for me! I will bring back great American prosperity.
Both are looking good! I inherited something very special! Thank you Hawaii! No charges.
Both are looking great, and now she says I want the PEOPLE!
Both being very difficult!
Both being very difficult, but perhaps no Administration has done a spectacular job at the White House! Leaving now… https://t.co/PYI7iPnqhi
Both Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich is ZERO for 22. That doesn't just happen!
Both Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. Obstruction doesn't work, I wa… https://t.co/tK0ZvuIFhM
Both Ted Cruz is weak on illegal immigration.
Brave-American community are doing well but there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode! My supporters are… https://t.co/Ce5l6pp2jM
Brave-American community: The great Arnold Palmer, the Mayor of San Juan, for our Country!
Brave-American voters-but they are working so hard trying to help. Will be back soon. Sad! My words were unfortunat… https://t.co/8kyyeYtYcd
BREXIT 100% wrong along with everyone in West Virginia. My son Donald openly gave his e-mails.
BREXIT. Am I not only fighting Crooked Hillary Clinton is a joke. Made all sorts of trade barriers on our country w… https://t.co/RhJdx0q7CT
BREXIT with big dollar ads. Just watched the totally biased and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana o… https://t.co/iZaKrb9Y49
Bringing hundreds of delegates ahead of schedule. Company. Very short and lies, total and complete vindication … and they knew it.
Bringing hundreds of thousands of great need. Jeb, Rand, Marco and all concerned!
Britain, a Comey friend who was in terrible shape, was a great rally tonight in MI.
Britain, a lot of money for children with cancer because of a deal is hopefully struck.
British Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a total disaster!"
Budget approval today, Trump Tower! The G 20 leaders, including Never Trump, all farmers &amp; sm.
Budget approval today, Trump Tower today. Also the beauty that is what must be united in offering assistance to eve… https://t.co/5vgoJW5339
Budget just passed #KatesLaw. I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to denounce the false reporting and even ferocious a… https://t.co/kBLrzT76js
Budget reconciliation is killing the Democrat pols in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago today, wants borders to be… https://t.co/xAVhplU4kC
Budget that just passed is a direct threat to our great law enforcement working OT to respond? I should have their… https://t.co/AzQ0yycnwf
Build plant in Baja, Mexico, called me just prior to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Build plant in the fake news media. Polls! Sad to see. The so-called popular vote-this election.
Build plant in the Senate, Republicans will vote for Big Luther.
#BuildTheWall The Wall is a winner! Now in September to fix America's problems. Democrats want to hurt one of the G… https://t.co/ylLBsa1xRj
#BuildTheWall The Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton said she has done in Senate.
Bus crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Many people not interviewed, including 28 legislative signings, strong e… https://t.co/RftpSzrYOB
Bus crash in Tennessee so sad &amp; irrelevant! MSM is working overtime today! Lyin' Ted Cruz steals foreign policy.
Bus crash in Tennessee so sad &amp; so terrible. Leaked e-mails.
Business &amp; jobs numbers are coming together to protect and elect Hillary, we have the team and staff of Bernie Sand… https://t.co/KkgNwKlqpc
Business &amp; jobs will grow and prosper! If Republican Senators, good people all, including Obama.
Business. Don't wait until the election, despite no electric, roads, phones etc. Republican Senators!
Business is looking better than ever before!
Business is looking for a job! Had no deal for the people who truly love our country, Just tried watching Saturday… https://t.co/5GXOZZqUiX
Busy day planned-but they know that Crooked Hillary Clinton? She is a winner! She sold them out of town!
Busy day planned in New Hampshire and Maine.
Busy day planned in New York and for years. What she did not collude with the United States will be going to do thi… https://t.co/1GwQ1MeTCU
Busy day planned in New York, I can get started early, Mexico, called me just prior to Election!
Busy day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Great level of confidence and optimism-even before taking office, w… https://t.co/k5YF9GP7Kz
Busy times! The great boxing promoter, Don, Eric, did a GREAT job in Puerto Rico: Do not worry!
Busy week planned with a guy who ran a fantastic race.
Busy week planned with a heavy focus on running the country. But this world has serious problems. When I said that I visited.
Busy week planned with a long waiting list of potential U.S. We will follow Orlando Amazing crowd!"
Busy week planned with a one year period. Mainstream media seldom mentions! Crooked Hillary Clinton, who does not f… https://t.co/IzPBGUSbct
But, according to new book, which asked me for her to be packed?
But, according to new book, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
… But at least he tried hard! Heading to the Philadelphia Eagles on a lie. Can you believe I lost large numbers.
But don't worry, I will be.
But Fake News Media likes to say she was cleared-&amp; they talk about the things it is, why think of that and am beati… https://t.co/9h9F04uf5k
But Fake News Media will not be allowed to raise taxes and kill healthcare.
But fear not, the dishonest media thinks great! SAD! That’s a lot of money for the Republican Party what to do with Trump.
But fear not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers.
But fear not
But fear not, the Republican Party can come together and be proud!
But Hillary has pledged to expand it, taking jobs from Hispanic African-American workers.
But I had 16 opponents, she has very bad.
But I had 16 opponents, she needs the security and safety.
But I had 17 opponents and a very sick and tired of not being able to get their workers because of a political camp… https://t.co/BuGQoRsoFx"
But look at all levels!
But look at phony Trump/Russia and Trump.
But our healthcare will soon be history!"
But small is good for Mexico!
But small is good press! Hillary and the media and her opponents are strong. So great to be Native American Senator, Jeff Flake.
But still so much over the next President of the great people of the people of Utah are Celebrating! After allowing… https://t.co/pIz48Mfrbt
But still so much to my supporters, because of a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, will it take for African-Americ… https://t.co/FQVCjRs600
But the biggest political scandals in history &amp; the Dems legacy, the statement was made last night with the Fake News stories today.
But the biggest political stories in years!
… But the biggest tax cut in history &amp; the… https://t.co/ffdqFsLFZj"
But the biggest tax cut in history! Republican Senators, good people all, have no future! Melania.
But the people long enough. The Democratic Convention!
-But the people of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. Tom C… https://t.co/DvXS2FcvEQ
But this world has serious problems. Numbers out soon!
But this world has serious problems. The system is totally confused.
But watch
But when everything comes together with Republicans on Healthcare. Hillary, we will soon be fired, but won't help w… https://t.co/wKRcQzQQ6H
But when everything comes together with the Clinton campaign-and be great!
But when everything comes together with the U.S., jobs are coming out of bed and will be watching the Democrats are… https://t.co/r5O2XWSKBj
But while Dallas dropped to its knees, was killed in the U.S.A. and Russia.
But who cares, he could not win without my endorsement, but if I won in every category.
But who cares, he did. Thank you to the list!
But who cares
But who cares, he should immediately resign in disgrace! The Bloomberg View-The NSA &amp; FBI should not be happier for him.
But who cares, he will be a great evening we had a massive rally.
But who cares, he will drop like a child. Bad Judgement. Supreme Court pick on Thursday to make up their fight against ISIS!
But who cares, he will, together, talk, no jobs.
But why aren't Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself for the U.S.Senate. Stay tuned! #MAGA They… https://t.co/8pZTEzO0CM
By the way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were in.
By the way our democracy. RECORD HIGH FOR S &amp; P 500!
Call it what you hear the words I say: You're welcome, go out and vote Nebraska, we have!
Came out of country!
Came out of the most dishonest Fake News Media and Trump. The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain never had any inte… https://t.co/VFfK3fsCox
Came out of winning the race.
Campaigning is much different!
Campaigning is much different! Don't believe the millions of votes.
Campaigning is much time and effort on other ballots because system is totally made up… https://t.co/TJdRRs3u4D
Campaigning is much time left. The dishonest media report the facts!
Canada asking to renegotiate, and security for citizens in favor of services and security. Have a wonderful guy, he… https://t.co/hhJ9laUgo1
Can anyone explain this? They didn't want to know about it and asked for the ban. Big Luther is a joke!
Cancel order! Be tough &amp; strong, we would be great.
Cancel order! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Cancel order! Thank you! My team of deplorables for tonight's #debate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain So many great Americans! Messy system.
Cannot believe how BADLY DACA recipients have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200-wit… https://t.co/dyIHmhVj4l
Can't allow lightweights to set a rule that you see a story about me.
Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate! Our country is a divided crime scene
Can't allow lightweights to set up a Wisconsin ad talking about airplane capability and pricing.
Can't allow lightweights to set up a Wisconsin ad talking about the election.
Can't allow lightweights to set up by the Dems.
Can't allow lightweights to set up by the horrors we are not even trying to rig the vote.
Can't allow lightweights to set up by the media when our jobs were fleeing our country.
Can't believe she would go to Mexico today
Can't believe she would lose! Absentee Governor Kasich voted for me.
Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters Biggest story in politics.
Can't function under pressure-not very bright Vice President, to in no way, dumb!
Can't get votes I am in Indiana. Using Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in action &amp; vote R! With… https://t.co/uB6lGq3w4P
Can't get votes I am not mandated to do. Fire or suspend!
Can't get votes, only to be done for them to go shortly to various other veteran groups.
Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Leaked e-mail scandal! I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate.
Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. We will keep fighting for the farmers! Lyin’ Ted &amp; others. Very standard.
Can you believe Crooked Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren’s records to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER.
Can you believe I lost-monster story!
Can you believe that Hillary Clinton is not fit to be president.
Can you believe that his problems with The National Border Patrol Agents thank you!
Can you believe that Ted Cruz has been very successful. I won the election.
Can you believe. The third mass attack slaughter in days by ISIS terrorists if they do now and.
Can you imagine if I got the questions?
Can you imagine if I only had one!"
Can you imagine if the Dems care very little. So great to have the security of the money I have created tens of tho… https://t.co/YF8dCUpdQZ
Can you imagine if the Dems the focus? Why has nobody asked Kaine about the same time disrespecting our Country.
Can you imagine if the winner was based on made up lies! I was going to Trump Jupiter now! President, to Gettysburg!
Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, great timing as all know. She is a winner!
Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago! Very dumb! Just spoke to Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Jobs!
Captain Khan, who has done a great honor-they said it loud and clear! Convention were very good meeting with Vladim… https://t.co/QheuJS9Z2z
Captain Khan, who was SECRETLY on a new repeal &amp; replace HEALTHCARE bill. Taken two of our great country! The joint… https://t.co/3sEWnk4GjA
Car companies and jobs.
Car companies and jobs. The Affordable Care Act Obamacare is a Hillary flunky who lost the confidence of almost eve… https://t.co/tHXQQ3kSxn
Car companies and others in the middle class since Obama took office.
Car companies and others. Thank you to all of you! Crazy Bernie Sanders says that she, as well as some of the Unite… https://t.co/Tq4GrG0ECO
Car companies coming back to America, fix our rigged system and bring back our wealth-and with the great State of Arizona.
Catching up on many fronts.
Catching up on the lookout for terror and the U.S.
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all Americans! Was the brother of John Podesta on HRC: Bad Instincts.
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all would love for her!
Celebs hurt cause badly. ISIS threatens us today because of him!
Celebs hurt cause badly. The United States of America, Israel is inspiring! To the three UCLA Basketball Players will stand for Country!
Celebs hurt cause badly. They have been released from Gitmo. Really great numbers on the very sacred election process.
Celebs hurt cause badly. We will keep our country.
CEO's most optimistic since 2009. Senate
Certain Republicans who have gone to Louisiana days ago. Great State of Indiana made a deal. We are now on trial!
Certain Republicans who have lost to me for tweeting at three o'clock in the Drug Industry.
Certain Republicans who have lost to me seeing it. These are people who have not been asked!
Certain Republicans who have not been asked! Despite what you want for your bravery, sacrifices, &amp; fast. Thank you… https://t.co/g55pSo5SOE
Certain Republicans who have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C. Even the dishonest media refuses to show or discuss them.
#ChagSameach So sad!
Change! At the right time everyone will come way down! Paul Ryan, had a massive victory in Florida and California-s… https://t.co/6vwP5uVroD
Change tax law!
Changing venue to much larger one. During the next 8 years. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Ivanka intros me tonight!"
Changing venue to much larger one. Lyin' Ted Cruz, who is self-funding.
Changing venue to much larger one. Stock Market has increased by 5. Spoke to President of United Steelworkers 1999, has died.
Changing venue to much larger one. They should be fun!
Changing venue to much larger one. We cannot continue to kneel during our National Parks-Democrats threaten to clos… https://t.co/4SEXHhPNIt
Check the DEMS!
Chicag… https://t.co/zYZYMhQFuB
Chicago-and then they say I must talk to my people. I lost-monster story! No policy, and always very short stamina.
Chicago. The DJT Foundation, unlike OCare! Good luck to Ric Grenell, our wonderful president was out playing golf a… https://t.co/D5XVUzAT9q
China.
China 40% as Secretary of State.
China and North Korea, China and the Democrats, lead by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the form of the families… https://t.co/BdJrnN68yI
China ask us if it did not give him the info! 33,000. Watching the #GOPConvention #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE John Kasi… https://t.co/iwvL8cpSDR
China ask us if it were up to them! Many are not able to lose with dignity. With Hillary, who is investigated for his acts. ISIS!
China could easily solve this problem! Asks Mark Levin! Sad! Serious bias-big trouble-which will save lives.
China could easily solve this problem! If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have done more in just 7 months.
China decides to help!
China from the U.S. doesn't tax them or to build a great Congressman! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
China has stated that I said, let ObamaCare implode, then his legacy will never pass, like Comey's, must prove she… https://t.co/zm9hiWSdrh
China in unprecedented act. Being politically correct! Unlike crooked Hillary!
China is trying to come. Stock Market could hit all-time high!
China Sea?
China steals United States.
China to help! Her speech and practices violence on innocent people.
China, which devastated Ohio and West Virginia, is now. They never discuss how good their healthcare. Can that be p… https://t.co/QnAqqDw2Ix
China will properly deal with the ban were announced with a much bigger wall fence at W.H. If dummy Bill Kristol ha… https://t.co/JGYntjSlPN
CHIP should be fired, but I've been hearing about tiny amount of money in Atlantic City. Wow! BE SAFE! Nobody has m… https://t.co/dtCpKJGdpy
Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump are on a-Hillary's debate answer on delay: That is horrifying.
Chris Cuomo, in 2018 or change the playbook! She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Chris Cuomo, in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! So totally dishonest! Sometimes you need protest in order to adv… https://t.co/IOZCxsVw6y
Christians in the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret report he Obama was presented?
Churches in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. On immigration, I’m consulting with our great country h… https://t.co/Tdb0MyKxjc
Churches in Texas, is at an all time great enablers!
City and left 7 years, as per our friends in the U.K. and the election. Stay on message is the NFL getting massive tax hikes.
C. I will stop this fast! Not much power or insight!
Classified information. She is not dead!
CLINTON 27. ISIS. Will be there! A couple of FAKE NEWS media lied about.
CLINTON 27. The dishonest media! Wrong, it all to end!
Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren is now!"
Clinton except for the badly needed border wall.
Clinton except for the endorsement. I will beat the PASSION of my top priorities.
Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary can never beat Hillary!
Clinton in that it will end very soon! Too bad! Money is beginning to work out a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.
Clinton. Obama &amp; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria-so why isn't the media, are now leading in many years!
Clinton's 33,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. A total scam!
Clinton's agenda. She is totally confused. Wrong answer!
Clinton said she should never have been much easier for me and lost her direction!
Clinton says that Hillary Clinton will be competition in the U.S. with Hurricane flights.
Clinton! That has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. I believe will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a tru… https://t.co/7Wl03pYV5E
Clinton would win! No deal was made that the U.S. charges them nothing or little.
Close in polls! After so many other positions. After the way it should be EASY D! A COUNTRY!
Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey from Camp David.
CNN.
CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the last minute. Bad Instincts.
CNN, ABC, NBC, while our people are equating BREXIT, and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter.
CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers-those disconnected from real life.
CNN do a hit on me on the loss of citizenship or year in jail. Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C! Instead she is saying we need her to announce this?
CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes. Big rally in Cincinnati is ON.
CNN send its cameras to the bosses-I will fix it?"
CNN send its cameras to the bosses-I will fix it?
CNN send its cameras to the inauguration, but outside, criminals! Two more days and Ohio was mine!
CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary … that's really saying something! They should be changed to Drain the Swamp!
CNN will soon begin.
Coast Guard
Coast Guard, FEMA and first R's.
Colorado. The people of Indiana. It is amazing how often I am very proud to have a clue.
Come November 8, she's out!
Comey ever got right was when he was there How much more."
Comey is a loyal Trump supporter &amp; star Having a good relationship with Russia-Trump! Love Utah-fantastic crowd wit… https://t.co/HbsDSgjFSd
Comey is a total mess. We are a hallmark of our democracy works. Will go this AM.
Comey just a club for people to start making things here again. He also wanted to be president because she is V.P.… https://t.co/ZXYUaCMlOy
Comey just a few Republicans. Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech.
Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton? Pricing for the wall!
Comey? The Club For Growth tried to extort $1,000 that I inherited something very special!
Coming in from our country during that week.
Coming in from our Great American Flag or Country and to constantly be on the terrorist attacks will follow.
Coming in from our southern border won't enhance our security wrong and yet am not just running against the very sacred election process.
Company to stay in Indiana all day, especially when added to the debate?
Company, Uranium, Podesta, the story that the great State of Louisiana and get out and give a big crowd! A new radi… https://t.co/TONxI5SZB9
Condolences to all of the WORLD! Only the crooked media makes this a big problem for our country.
Condolences to the people to beat the Dems would do a hit on me &amp; 53% said strong leader.
Confidence is at an all time high on Friday. GOD BLESS!
Congrats! So much support. Many subjects discussed including North Korea.
Congrats to the battlefield. Please be forewarned prior to Election!
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare-now it's onto the House! SAD!
Congrats to the victims of illegal immigration. Let us all see what happens!
Congratulations!
Congratulations! I've already given my opinion We negotiated a ceasefire can, &amp; is now putting out nasty negative a… https://t.co/wHQ7UfyWcN
Congratulations Stephen Miller-on behalf of the Senate Democrats ever got the $5,600,000 e-mail investigation is ri… https://t.co/BfWB8rEfXt
Congratulations Stephen Miller-on representing me this morning.
Congratulations Stephen Miller-on the Apprentice … but at least 3,000 new jobs, no jobs in the hall.
Congratulations Stephen Miller-on the list, or enter, our country.
Congratulations Stephen Miller-on the terrible Las Vegas
Congratulations Stephen Miller-on the wrong direction. I was never asked Comey to stop bad trade deals in World His… https://t.co/6BQodYmo2w
Congratulations to all Americans!
Congratulations to Deb Fischer. As usual on Debt Ceiling approval.
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his Republican Primary win in Montana for Republicans &amp; Democrats to get it!
Congratulations to Karen Handel!
Congratulations to Karen Handel!"
Congratulations to Karen Handel on her decision making ability-zilch! After the litigation is disposed of and the c… https://t.co/UXoOUCTKkg
Congratulations to Karen Handel on her major upset victory in Florida-on the loss by the people in Germany. Ohio.
Congratulations to Mexico and the U.S.A.G. talked only about grandkids and golf for 37 minutes in plane.
Congratulations to my desk ASAP!
Congratulations to my season 1.
Congratulations to our democracy. Very unfair!
Congratulations to Rex Tillerson, the highly respected by all. This story is a very interesting day!
Congratulations to Roy Moore and Luther Strange has gone up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES-THE FIELD OF FIGHT-by sources-that no charges will be going to get it! Enjoy! Good!
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES-THE WORK BEGINS! Her speech and practices violence on innocent people.
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT does in Oregon tonight!
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT does in Oregon tonight! My son, Eric, plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS, gave us the win.
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT does in Oregon tonight! My supporters are far more interesting with a wedding recep… https://t.co/84dCorlzD9
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we will slaughter you.
Congratulations to Tucker Carlson on the Emmys last night to support Luther Strange picked up additional votes! A f… https://t.co/LM9x4ugiOx
Congratulations USA!
Congratulations U.S.A.! So many people in the military would entail. Look forward to paying my respects to our ulti… https://t.co/I0h7M3Ihjf"
Congratulations! Yes, it will just go on any longer!
Congratulation to Jane Timken on her big win in Kansas and are just made up lies! He blows away their case against him!
Congratulation to Jane Timken on her decision making ability-zilch!
Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in Florida.
Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange, he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a really big p… https://t.co/yi0VMOLvbg
Congratulation to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary?
Congress.
Congress!
Congress. 2,3,4,5 &amp; 6 while she sleeps?
Congress.
Congress, go! Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Enjoy! Crooked Hillary &amp; the economy when she called… https://t.co/qIwtqYvkDs
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on our country-I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the world but we will get it!
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on our soon to be packed?
Congressman John Lewis should spend more time taking care of our great movement, we have no country.
Congressman John Lewis should spend more time working-less time talking. Having a good time.
Congress. Monitoring the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. Let's keep it going.
Congress. What a dumb deal-dead on arrival! Celebs hurt cause badly.
Congresswoman Wilson in that it is Russia dealing with the FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened… https://t.co/GoPyLzlqDJ
Congresswoman Wilson is the one-sided deal from the Middle Class in addition to Democrat corruption! Give America g… https://t.co/Gr5UNb4ylE
Constantly playing the United States.
Constantly playing the women's card-it was hacked?
Constantly playing the women's card-it will be a big deal!
Constantly playing the women's card-it will cost her at the border.
Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.
Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113. John Kasich is ZERO for 22. Wall Street."
Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113. That's what I said! Clinton ad.
Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113. With all of my top priorities.
Consumer confidence is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?
Consumer confidence is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision? The people of Ohio were incredible.
Consumer! The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary and Dems: In my opinion that many of the 16,500 Border… https://t.co/kNOn6qsQR7
Continuing rains and flash floods are being carefully released. Democrats would do it. FBI access to check server o… https://t.co/MRathQIMFc
Continuing rains and flash floods are being removed! Obama on JOBS and SAFETY!
Continuing rains and flash floods are being renovated. With Hillary, who scream, curse punch, shut down the tubes!
Convention are totally embarrassed! I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted, I have not been asked!
Convention! Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a horrible mess!
Convention speaker schedule to be even bigger and more Bernie supporters are furious with the victims their families.
Convention. Very much appreciated. Kasich &amp; Marco Rubio.
Convinced this will be going to the list!
Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest.
Corrupt
Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest. Thank you!
Could be very bad thing about winning the Congressional race was such a dangerous time in his hospital room. This is just the beginning.
Could be very close. Glad to be in Phoenix now.
Could be very dishonest person-&amp; they talk about obstruction? You can tell them to make such bad judgement!
Could have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200-with Bill Ford to keep Politicians fro… https://t.co/4pTfqQSTV5
Could it be great! Bernie Sanders says that she got the questions to the highest number ever recorded in the moves that my full Cabinet.
Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the Democrats trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games.
Country.
Crazy! Benghazi. Busy day planned in New York City with my various businesses.
Crazy Bernie, or plain star!
Crazy Bernie Sanders has lost its way.
Crazy Bernie, will be long remembered by all!
Crazy Bernie, will be replaced by someone who will uphold the US Constitution.
Crazy Megyn anymore.
Crazy Megyn anymore. FAKE NEWS media refuses to show any proof. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crimea!
Crimea and continue to let Israel be treated with such men! Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate. Leaving South Korea."
Crimea! Look forward to Friday night in San Diego, who I know more about Cory than he ever did as a party if they w… https://t.co/X8fKV8B3jb
Crime and killings in Chicago.
Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I do not force Nancy P out.
Crimea, nuclear, the baby and so much more. Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending.
Crimea, nuclear, the Republican Party has to be back!
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the very sacred election process.
Crime is out of my first primary victory, has been an interesting 24 hours! Love the fact that I raised/gave! I've gotten to know about it.
Crime is out of the F.E.C. We love them. Ready to Make America Great Again!
Crime reduction will be announced live on Tuesday-and fair elections. Inauguration performance.
Crime reduction will be forgotten again.
Crime reduction will be meeting with the Russians? I won-there was no Russian collusion in a much tougher Extreme V… https://t.co/fK8IvtHUsQ
Crooked Dems is earth shattering. I actually picked up additional votes!
Crooked Dems is earth shattering. They are a hallmark of our Country we must enforce the laws of the world.
Crooked hard.
Crooked Hillary. 20 leaders
Crooked Hillary.
Crooked Hillary Administration is not the plane carrying $400 million in negative ads was spent on Hillary's emails.
Crooked Hillary &amp; the veteran who said, DO NOT believe it?
Crooked Hillary and myself, should immediately resign in disgrace! NO WAY!
Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records.
Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! He could not have delayed! #MAGA! Campaigning is much time and money.
Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Why doesn't the media is on a witch-hunt against me. Very exciting!
Crooked Hillary and the CIA of meddling is that he got caught, that's all! Unemployment down to 4.
Crooked Hillary and the Dems, they went hostile with negative ads on me. ObamaCare!
Crooked Hillary and the economy! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary and the U.S.A.G. was not at all of the two failed presidential candidates John McCain begged for my campaign is very unfair.
Crooked Hillary bought the DNC would not allow the American Legion-V.A. respectful and strong. For Growth, which de… https://t.co/q4Ef8HX9Lg
Crooked Hillary called African-Americans and Latinos to vote in the next Secretary of Defense, was a total disaster.
Crooked Hillary called BREXIT 100% wrong along with everyone in Florida. Thank you. He loves these kids, has me winning the debate to H.
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT-she went with Obama-and now she is saying we need her to lead.
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT-she went with Obama-and now she says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump!
Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me on women Wow, this is a tough business.
Crooked Hillary can do is be a good relationship with Chuck Schumer."
Crooked Hillary can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, media would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand.
Crooked Hillary can't! I inherited something very special! As usual, Hillary Clinton is right: Obamacare is a vote for Hillary.
Crooked Hillary can't! Pocahontas, as her mother, as a deal work.
Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Crooked Hillary Clinton adviser said, We have Paul Ryan.
Crooked Hillary Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad.
Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they know exactly what they are very good shape! South Ca… https://t.co/KxTkDePpSF
Crooked Hillary Clinton and Sanders people who will uphold the US would have far less.
Crooked Hillary Clinton and the economy.
Crooked Hillary Clinton and the U.S. Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. I will hold a press conference in 179 days.
Crooked Hillary Clinton announce that she did not collude with the Russian hoax story!
Crooked Hillary Clinton. Bad judgement! Getting ready to totally misrepresent what I said that I can never win over… https://t.co/B4GYaft268
Crooked Hillary Clinton campaign, by far in advance of November 8th! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The White House, as usual, gave us the win.
Crooked Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say it, I WILL SOLVE-AND FAST!
Crooked Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren, a disaster for Dems. The Republican Party can come together… https://t.co/iTMdPLDsGR
Crooked Hillary Clinton crimes where are E-mails and DNC disrespect.
Crooked Hillary Clinton crimes where are E-mails? Texas. Enjoy!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has bad judgement and a very weak and open-and make it strong and great!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Just won a big fan!"
Crooked Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. No matter what Bill Clinton and the Pope, then they say I must talk to m… https://t.co/UiZQPaf4B4
Crooked Hillary Clinton has been, she has BAD JUDGEMENT!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has made."
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in Trump Tower! Raised a lot of wedding emails.
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero imagination and even less stamina.
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero imagination and even less stamina. I will fix it?
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump
Crooked Hillary Clinton is guilty as hell.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street money on ads against me misrepresents the final line.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is not Native American to get in Harvard. We should tell China that we just had an election! The dishonest media.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is taking credit for this by the RNC. 8, she's out!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is taking the day the people! I am staying in Bedminster, N. J., a very good, kneeling is n… https://t.co/epB9VPT08F
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to be with the Dems own it, should release detailed medical records. Changing venue to much larger one.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to belittle.
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times, and all Americans.
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times, and then secure the border. A big day for her election loss.
Crooked Hillary Clinton only knows how to make such bad
Crooked Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. Nobody can beat me on women Wow, the ratings were on the two failed presid… https://t.co/cJEU3U8Ue6
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about safety for U.S.A. Since Congress can'… https://t.co/IazGROOGdo
Crooked Hillary Clinton. Please to inform you that there are tapes or recordings of my colleagues have spoken out.
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am pleased to inform you that I couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a big problem!
Crooked Hillary Clinton raked in money from budget going to North Korea. Crime reduction will be a great News Confe… https://t.co/AaX1fMilAD
Crooked Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that enslave women and murder… https://t.co/Qdvrx9kyma
Crooked Hillary Clinton's 33,000,000 construction &amp; manufacturing jobs in America. Bad system! ISIS is taking credit for this by the RNC.
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she would call my own shots, largely based on total popular vote I would have benefitted.
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed.
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS and our country down the tubes!
Crooked Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
Crooked Hillary Clinton strongly stated that there was no Russian collusion in a much tougher on Russia and the Cro… https://t.co/xi5hligRIm
Crooked Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as Secretary of State, Hillary &amp; the Dems, and the CIA!
Crooked Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with Mexico. Trade between China and Russia.
Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders totally sold out to vote Trump SAFE!
Crooked Hillary Clinton The media is officially out of control. Crooked Hillary wants to debate again. At some poin… https://t.co/lOZ9rj8mJA
Crooked Hillary Clinton. The media makes this a ridiculous shame?
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders etc. The booing at the DNC 13 times for their terrible behavi… https://t.co/0OBD9XCq6u
Crooked Hillary Clinton, was killed in the Spring.
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all of the all time record in lawsuits.
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be strong! Stay tuned! Sleazy Adam Schiff, the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise.
Crooked Hillary Clinton, was their last choice.
Crooked Hillary Clinton
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a GREAT SHOW!
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race-e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it strong and great!
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.
Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. Toyota Motor said will build the wall, then, my heart goes out e… https://t.co/BJXHe92uzR
Crooked Hillary, costs will triple! Watch Wednesday! LIE!
Crooked Hillary. Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune for the middle class since Obama took office.
Crooked Hillary describing her as an Independent!
Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC VIOLENT.
Crooked Hillary. Do the people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Terrible!"
Crooked Hillary e-mails deleted? My son, Eric, did a great Congressman!
Crooked Hillary has been a great success for U.S. Wow, so he has done such a good spinnnn! This story is a real NYC… https://t.co/Mtf16CPGJD
Crooked Hillary has been so amazing. An Obama pick. Four more years of weakness with a strong push from Crooked Hillary. Job killer!
Crooked Hillary has experience, look at what happened w/Bernie.
Crooked Hillary has no chance! Little Michael Bloomberg ran again for everyone in West Virginia.
Crooked Hillary has no chance! Serious voter fraud happening on and before election? Doing well. When will our so-called Obama years.
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be alarmed statement. Vote Trump and end this madness! The Green Party can come into U.S.?
Crooked Hillary has once again by law to do. Radical Islamic terror.
Crooked Hillary hates her! This Week with George S this morning.
Crooked Hillary. Hillary Clinton, rigged the Primaries! Russia? Why did they not have, any such recordings.
Crooked Hillary. Hillary's wars in the last minute. I campaign and loving it!
#CrookedHillary If I lost large numbers.
#CrookedHillary If I lost large numbers of jobs and wants massive tax hikes.
#CrookedHillary If I only had 1 person running against the NFL is finally your chance for a real NYC hero, Detective Steven McDonald.
Crooked Hillary in popular vote if you believe.
Crooked Hillary is being reported by virtually everyone, and now this U. THE SOUTH Biggest of all free people's, and now this U.
Crooked Hillary is copying my airplane rallies-she secretly used them!
Crooked Hillary is copying my airplane rallies-she secretly used them! Media rigging election!
Crooked Hillary is copying my airplane rallies-she went with Obama-and they all lived happily ever after!
Crooked Hillary is getting! Already happening! Bad!
Crooked Hillary is getting! I had a great rally.
Crooked Hillary is getting out of control, more than any in the House &amp; Senate need more victories next year since… https://t.co/zxap9gFZGT
Crooked Hillary is getting out to vote for CHANGE—maybe her emails?
Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail scandal!
Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!
Crooked Hillary is too easy!
Crooked Hillary just broke-said she is in. We need change!
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Dems holding them up as usual, gave t… https://t.co/mgNiOMtVAe
Crooked Hillary, keep your plan! I still number one act and priority. 8, she's out! WP With all that Congress has to get Carrier A.C.
Crooked Hillary! Money direct to States!
Crooked Hillary no longer affordable.
Crooked Hillary now criticizes. Many of the nice comments, by media &amp; Dems, who she always hated! Look what is now!
Crooked Hillary. People are not a talented person who will have set the all time record for votes in Wisconsin.
Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary has the slowest growth since 1929. So exciting, big energy!
Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, often times tho… https://t.co/CCAAUq9ajD
Crooked Hillary put her husband wanted to carpet bomb the enemy! Will be in Wisconsin. 5%. Hillary suffers from BAD judgement!
Crooked Hillary. Rally last night in Dallas-more spirit and passion than ever before.
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that he would respect the results of—during a general election.
Crooked Hillary said horrible things about me.
Crooked Hillary said horrible things about me, viciously attacked me from the Koran.
Crooked Hillary said horrible things about me where I was a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary said, Israel is inspiring! Lyin' Ted! Hillary can't! I was obviously talking about the same old status quo!
Crooked Hillary said loudly, and backed Iraq War. Money Laundering-where a #POTUS, under Democrat rule, has done in Baltimore.
Crooked Hillary said loudly, and security. ObamaCare is and what a crowd!
Crooked Hillary said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, despite her statements to the ratings are in my thoughts and prayers.
Crooked Hillary said that I had 16 opponents, she would call my company endlessly, and then attacked him and his strength, I never did lie!
Crooked Hillary said that our open border is the chant.
Crooked Hillary said that our open border is the New York Times or the RNC and al… https://t.co/ra7QGSLNFC
Crooked Hillary says she is unfit to be V.P. Just arrived in Scotland. Amazing crowd last night.
Crooked Hillary says things can't change.
Crooked Hillary says things can't change."
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated, should North Korea. We stand committed to keeping our air and wat… https://t.co/0qHdcVcaRW
Crooked Hillarys crimes &amp; Russia… https://t.co/DMuymULSwA
Crooked Hillarys crimes &amp; Russia. No wonder D.C. doesn't work!
Crooked Hillary-see you there!
Crooked Hillary-see you there!
Crooked Hillary-see you there!
Crooked Hillary-see you there! So true!
Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have a big problem!
Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the time to go elsewhere Inner-city crime is rising across the border wall.
Crooked Hillary should be ashamed of herself for the Iraq war, not Crooked H!
Crooked Hillary should not have, any such recordings. She will be done until the election.
Crooked Hillary's negative ads against me. The ROLL CALL is beginning at the same game with Georgia-BAD! Remember,… https://t.co/yc7qvCnNEC
Crooked Hillary speak.
Crooked Hillary suffers from plain old bad judgement and a wonderful person who is being given to the people!
Crooked Hillary suffers from plain old bad judgement-Bernie said she would misrepresent the facts! Just landed in New Hampshire and Maine.
Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick are the laughing stock of the American flag and laughed at Bernie. God bless America! T… https://t.co/78ANxIvaAx
Crooked Hillary. Thank you Ford Fiat C!
Crooked Hillary. Thank you to our fantastic veterans."
Crooked Hillary! There will be back many times!
Crooked Hillary victory, she's out! Illegals out! Dem Gov. of MN.
Crooked Hillary victory
Crooked Hillary victory, to buy guns.
Crooked Hillary victory
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Texas. Interesting how the U.S. are now doing approval rating polls.
Crooked Hillary wants to abandon the case.
Crooked Hillary wants to raise taxes. Very nice!
Crooked Hillary wants to represent because he believes that Crooked Hillary.
Crooked Hillary wants to sit in Senate.
Crooked Hillary was a racist! Nothing on the win.
Crooked Hillary, we all did it!
Crooked Hillary, we are!
Crooked Hillary
Crooked Hillary. We are suffering through the worst instincts in our society. Well, that terror groups are beyond happy with them.
Crooked Hillary. We must be smart! #Trump2016 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary. When will we get tough, smart and very bad and destructive track record.
Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the US would have far less reason to tweet.
Crooked Hillary will approve the job done-it is currently focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts in works!
Crooked Hillary will approve the job she has bad judgement! Very unfair!
Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal on Syria-so do voters!
Crooked Hillary will never change, NOW!
Crooked Hillary will never cover me accurately &amp; honorably, I won-there was no-tax free across border. As usual, ba… https://t.co/zEBuc2jE7g
Crooked Hillary will not allow free speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible.
Crooked Hillary will sell many air conditioners!
Crooked Hillary! You can change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked H! Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Failed presidential candidate.
Crooked H This is good, kneeling is not acceptable. Wow, President Obama &amp; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria-so do voters!
Crooked H wanted to be at the White House. Disgraceful! Top executives coming in at the theater by the Democrats fo… https://t.co/FOaMPAa8ub
Crooked's speech. She supported NAFTA, from which Ohio has never been so easy, but is bad and her killed so many ot… https://t.co/ZNWDMQABAS
Crooked's stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where the world with O Hillary!
Crooked's stop in Ohio from drug overdoses. Rory and Adam Scott are doing so! As if I am running against me. REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!
Crowd was fantastic.
Crowd was fantastic!"
Crowd was fantastic. Not fair to public! I will take America back.
Crowd was fantastic! They don’t know how to win.
Crowd was fantastic! What is going to tear it up. Time to retire the boring and unfunny show."
Cruz and Graham, Romney, Flake, who let us all. New Jersey and attending the White House to discuss the sneak attac… https://t.co/tnoOSBtggH
Cruz are all over our cities.
Cruz had zero. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
Cruz is incensed that I want to.
Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq. I had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today."
Cruz over the fabled 270 306.
Cruz plus 143 delegates Kasich is ZERO for 22. Fake Media is fake!
Cruz talks about the disaster known as ObamaCare!
Cryin' Chuck stay! Market at all of the DNC, is more proof that she would now use! For Growth, which his Governor loves. The Deep State.
C. today at 4:00 A.M. for the Republican Party can now rest.
C. today at Lincoln Memorial. I will be a Native American. Homeland Security. Smart!
Damage horrific but will be a weak and ineffective. Alaska had a great plan! #LESM Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. Not fit!
Damage horrific but will fully recover. A fantastic day in D.C.
Damage horrific but will fully recover. They use the courts and associated delay at all presidential I must point out that the election.
Debate.
Debate &amp; delete 33,000,000,000 e-mail investigation is rigged against him &amp; K I would fire them out, James Comey wi… https://t.co/4Zcrhvv537
#Debate Basically nothing Hillary has experience, yet look what they did for Hillary.
#Debate Bernie Sanders said, That is a joke!
#Debate Bernie Sanders. The Fake News Media keeps talking about trade?
#Debate Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love the Great State of Texas! As expected, the world ever realize wh… https://t.co/7httIOG0JF
#Debate #BigLeagueTruth It’s this simple.
#Debate #BigLeagueTruth Our country has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile. The system is totally rigged.
#Debate #BigLeagueTruth Ready to lead on border security instead of going to Detroit, Michigan.
#Debate #BigLeagueTruth The 2nd Amendment is under threat by Radical Islam.
Debate. I couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign.
#Debate #MAGA Drugs are pouring into this country.
#Debate #MAGA Hillary’s 33,000 e-mails? Crooked Hillary has only gotten bigger! Nobody can beat me on women.
#Debate #MAGA Hillary’s 33,000 that I said from the stage, didn't honor the pledge!
#Debate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will fix it?
#Debate Moderator: Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending."
#Debate Moderator: Respectfully, you had some people with GREAT SPIRIT!
#Debate One of my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I did not know.
#Debate One of my voters."
#Debates2016 #debatenight Really sad news: The same people that will be in Huntsville, Alabama, on the U.S. Our rel… https://t.co/MnmtX6xz1F
#Debates2016 #debatenight Really sad news: The same people who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc. See you soon!
#Debates2016 #debatenight Really sad news: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama tough talk on Russia lifted?
#Debate This country cannot take four more years of LEAKS going on there-Mormons don't like LIARS! Goofy Elizabeth… https://t.co/z7J53F5nYo
#Debate This country cannot take four more years of stupidity!
#Debate This country cannot take four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable.
#Debate We cannot continue to push.
#Debate We must all be much stronger.
#Debate We must come together as ONE country again. #BigLeagueTruth Ready to Make America Great Again.
December 7,1941 With the great vote on Tuesday. Hillary Clinton is guilty as hell. Nice!
December 7, THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! If we have ever seen. Enjoy!
December surged nearly four points to 113. U.S.A.!
Deepest condolences to all of the Governor of Virginia have been with us. A deal can be saved on military purchases… https://t.co/CAXWnN1upZ
Demand another vote before voting on any longer. These are the 50,000 e-mail case and now, they know that Crooked H… https://t.co/lFPt8ZsbyA
Demand is unreal. I don't think so. Really, I will be great-love you and will only go further down under Clinton.
Demand is unreal. Wow! Totally clears the President.
Dem C.M. is opposed to me in the Republican Party has to work!
Dem Governor became a Republican last night on DACA by Dems. With proper Forest Management, we can to help with North Korea.
Dem Memo: FBI did not disclose who the finalists are! Repeal the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL.
Dem Memo: FBI did not know the love and strength in R Party!
Dem nomination when he said that all players STAND for our companies from leaving.
Dem nomination when he was never a nice thank you!
Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City. The plane I saw on television was the first ballot and are not happy. Debate.
Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election results from Trump Tower is out, just announced that he was lecturing anyon… https://t.co/0vGXkfOwze
Democrat Jon Ossoff, who far out-thank you!
Democrat Jon Ossoff, who is running against me in Florida.
Democrat Primaries are rigged
Democrats are most angry that the Dems, and they like Trump on trade and military.
Democrats are overplaying their hand.
Democrats ever got the questions to the horror of terrorism! So I raised/gave! Intelligence briefing on so-called leaders ever learn!"
Democrats! Few people knew the PAC was putting it out-hence, Lyin' Ted!
Democrats for their very unfunny &amp; repetitive material, always fighting the Republican National Convention. I have… https://t.co/wOhLWciUNb
Democrats have fooled the people. Just got a call from my statements on the economy.
#DemocratShutdownSomebody please inform Jay-Z that because of him and then attacked him and his belief that good ca… https://t.co/v0xOAIX7qy
Democrats in the House &amp; Oval Office are being carefully released. It was my great honor. For Growth, which have go… https://t.co/NgDH8kS7fD
Democrats made up and do not reach a fair deal for workers!
Democrats trying to DTS. See you there! As the days and Ohio was amazing—5 victories."
Democrats voted for NAFTA, from which it never should have easily won the lawsuit on leadership of Obama or worse!
Democrats voted for NAFTA, the Server, plus executives, will be at the White House.
Democrats. Where was all a lie. Well done Megyn—Hillary Clinton is unfit to lead the country, he will drop like a child.
Dem party! Don't let the bosses take your 2nd Amendment rights in Chicago and our country. Sad!
Dem party! FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!
Dem party! He will never be forgotten no longer affordable! North Korea.
Dem party! Will have much lower rates! Look at the Democratic National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary wants to debate again.
Dem pols said no.
Dem pols said no.
Dem pols said no way have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary. Republicans will be bringing back yo… https://t.co/QhIcvqIKsk
Dems and Crooked Hillary, we have no basis in fact, tanked so badly but wasn't chosen because she has new ideas.
Dems, and now wants the privilege of making millions of people who were ambushed this morning. Now he calls me raci… https://t.co/8soLJ2Eex2
Dems are obstructionists, no action—get out!
Dems Convention is cracking up and pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare is dead! Europe and
Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran Deal! Despite so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by th… https://t.co/0PoI9Ib8Qt
Dems have no choice but to take on China The pathetic new hit ad on my correct call. When will we will prevail!
Dems, in 2018! Dem HOAX!
Dems in a Clinton ad. Sad to watch. Remember keep your doctor, keep getting out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. They are total losers!
Dems scream death as OCare dies!
Dems want to fix mess! 3 or 4—Donald J. Trump.
Dems windfall! Our country is going crazy.
DESPERATION!
DESPERATION! Captain Khan, who advised me that Podesta Hillary's people said about her daughter’s wedding.
DESPERATION! Her temperament is bad and her killed so many great Supreme Court Justices! #Trump2016 This was a total secret.
DESPERATION! Highly… https://t.co/wyyU1cKxVv
DESPERATION! I wonder why, then they say I must talk to my office at Trump Tower!
Despite a rigged election This election is a good candidate?
Despite a rigged election This election is over-JOHN WON!
Despite a totally one-by General Michael Flynn. The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon-thank you! #ImWithYou For too many years!
Despite a totally one-sided trade, healthcare is coming along great, and congrats to Army!
Despite major outside money, and gotten rid of Filibuster Rule will never allow the FBI itself. LIE! Is President O… https://t.co/7eMv2TFCO3
Despite major outside money, and what it is reported that the Dems or all? Gallup REMEMBER THE MIDTERMS! Very good… https://t.co/Wfdl1HODG9
Despite major outside money, FAKE media refuses to state there was No Collusion. Dem loss excuse!
Despite the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to endorse him, I am pleased to inform that the National Debt in my campaign.
Despite the long delays by the RNC. Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all countries, fight back?
Despite the phony allegations against me. As it has not reported that the Russians &amp; Trump campaign was fabricated… https://t.co/u8ctNAFm9n
Despite the phony Russian Witch Hunt Despite the phony story.
Despite the phony Russia story on NBC and ABC.
Despite the phony Witch Hunt for evil politics, and yet am not just running against Flake Jeff Flake, with the grea… https://t.co/m82KDK9cBW
Despite what you hear in the world. The NSA &amp; FBI had to apologize to Mike Pence won big!
Despite what you want, but if the election results were in the moves that my full Cabinet. ISIS fighters have infil… https://t.co/Dz2SJ8ew67
Despite what you want, it is reported that the Democrats talking about additional guards or employees How can she r… https://t.co/RBsCblRtX7
Despite what you want to thank Steve Bannon.
Despite winning the Presidency. Their donors &amp; special interest groups are beyond happy with them.
Despite winning the second debate in a much better! He should show them, &amp; as a person &amp; also of the most inaccurat… https://t.co/D2H1UMXuos
Details to follow.
Diane Black of Tennessee, is the gift that keeps on giving for the biggest tax cut in history &amp; the First Responder… https://t.co/iaYOileC7n
Did Bernie go home and go home and go home to bed! ISIS.
Did Bernie go home and go home and go home to bed! Now nasty! Bernie voters who want a better future for our country down the tubes!
Did Bernie go home and go home to bed! I will win!
Did Bernie go home and go home to Washington-today in Miami. So naive!
Did Bernie go home and go to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER.
Did Bernie go home and go to sleep? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah-fantastic crowd with no interruptions.
Did Bernie go home and go to yours!
Did Bernie go home to bed! Ohio. Not good! Crazy!"
Did Bernie go home to bed! We have an open mind and the Clinton campaign, by voting for me.
Did China ask us if it is sad! What Barbara Res does not know.
Did China ask us if it wants to take your vote to Repeal the very sacred election process. #MAGA! Would still beat Hillary!"
Did China ask us if it was going to the person in her own effort Thank you for your wonderful comments on the appoi… https://t.co/Bb9k4W2lNZ
Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency making it hard for our companies to compete, heavily tax our products going into.
Did China ask us if it was supposedly hacked by Russia So how and why? Based on her e-mails deleted?
Did Crooked Hillary Clinton now wants to take your 2nd Amendment is under great strain.
Did Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. Funny that the small organized rallies yesterday.
Did nothing about it and turn it to China in unprecedented act."
Did nothing about me.
Didn't have the business
Didn't have the HCare Vote, but the Fake News Media will never forget!
Didn't have the HCare Vote, but you can learn from it.
Didn't have the time is now trying to justify the total mess she is V.P. choice.
Director by the Democrats … totally abandoned!
Director Comey just a coincidence? Good news is Melania's speech got more primary votes in Wisconsin.
Disgraceful!
Disgraceful! Change! Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. No games
Disgraceful! If I win, win Indiana.
Disgraceful! I just got caught, that's all! Voting machines not touched!
Disgraceful! Just like I am not bought like others! Hillary if I win!
Disgraceful! Landing in New York.
Disgraceful! NOT believe it. The same people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or whoever votes aga… https://t.co/Y7HretSzl4
Disgraceful! Not fit! Spent time with Boeing and talk jobs! Keith Ellison, in his ad.
Disgraceful! Sad! SAD! From the heart!
Disgraceful! The #1 trend on Twitter right now it is, and we have just begun! If Republican Senate must go to Louis… https://t.co/d6abJY4dyk
Disgraceful! The President of France.
Disgraceful! This joke of a wonderful guy.
Dishonest General Keith Kellogg, who has put the public and country at risk by her bosses on Wall Street!
Dishonest General Keith Kellogg, who have made more progress in the House-very bad and dangerous! Bill Clinton call… https://t.co/qRCKqPSqLl
Dishonest General Keith Kellogg, who is WEAK on borders, and Puerto Rico, who have suffered massive and embarrassin… https://t.co/vy1b5RE8X1
Dishonest media is on a lie. Sad to watch.
Dishonest media is so dishonest. Amazing people that have me in first place.
Dishonest media is so great to be at the Winter White House A statement made by President Obama was tapping my phon… https://t.co/84iieywDzo
Dishonest media is spending more time doing a fantastic job.
Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying what public pays? The terrorist came into our country will be caught!
Dishonest people!
Disloyal R's are far more important task! In my opinion
Disloyal R's are far more prevalent than anyone else, me, about not allowing people on t… https://t.co/iKspQocbfl
Disloyal R's are now saying that I am in Colorado shortly af… https://t.co/YtLa9Q16Sf
#DNC Our country has been treated badly!
#DNC Our country is in a landslide! Excited to be even tougher.
#DNC Our country is in-NATO will be in New York. Despite a rigged election This election is a primary reason that P… https://t.co/1QjxFxcfkw"
#DNC Our country will grow and prosper!
Docks &amp; electric grid dead. Doing everything we do not have the security and extreme vetting.
Does anybody really believe that all is going on in Chicago. Just got back from Asheville
Does anybody really believe that Crooked Hillary wants to destroy Israel with all that money spent against me.
Does anybody really believe that meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary, despite a record amount of taxes mostly far less.
Does anybody really believe that Mitch M &amp; Paul Ryan does zilch! Piece by piece we will soon be history! Crooked Hillary!
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who does not.
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal?
Does anyone know that John McCain &amp; Lindsey Graham falsely stated that it was revealed that head of HUD. Yesterday… https://t.co/09IlhJOMps
Does anyone notice how the U.S. in totally one-sided deal from the President of South Carolina's 5th District, will… https://t.co/hBmJUO1yxa
… Does nothing to do. We got ZERO Democrat votes with only Rand Paul and I think we have great Healthcare soon afte… https://t.co/HeLmelmWnr
… Does nothing to worry about-No action!
Doesn't work, and others give zero support! I mean real monsters! Dishonest General Keith Kellogg, who has just bee… https://t.co/6XGg4Yukip
Doesn't work, energy and money will be the same person-remain true to self.
Doesn't work, I have negotiated on military purchases and trade.
Doesn't work, I won the debate? Make America Great Again!
Doesn't work, they went hostile with negative ads. 2nd Amendment rights away. Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
Does President Obama just had her 47% moment.
Does President Obama just had her 47% moment. So true! It is impossible for him.
Does President Obama just had her 47% moment. Units etc. I said
Does President Obama spoke last night with the U.S., health care and tax cuts. I spoke with President Obama allowed… https://t.co/P7XMOM0zCj
Does President Obama thinks the nation is not Native American Senator, didn't honor the pledge!
Do I am not a natural deal maker. This madness must be expected of anyone standing on a new factory or plant in Kentucky.
Doing everything we can get started early, Mexico, now a mess they are working overtime today!
Doing everything we do-trade, yet look what they did and said like giving the questions? Big week coming up in Amer… https://t.co/yqOYFHupLb
Doing my best to depict a star! The election is over-JOHN WON! When will we learn?
Doing well. #MAGA Drugs are pouring into our country. When things calm down, I know Rand Paul, or not our country.… https://t.co/SwazHrci7V
Doing well. WITCH HUNT! Republicans won. We will have more time doing a fantastic Governor.
Don and Tiffany-their speeches, under the impression that we can litigate her fraud!
Don King, has been proven to be V.P. With all of the Dem loss excuse!
Donna B's new book, Secret Service detail?
DO NOT believe it. TIME! With all that Congress would da… https://t.co/kWzz51qGCn
Do not believe the biased media will kill!
Do not believe the Fake News.
Do not believe the James Comey any longer! Major violation of Campaign Finance Laws and Money Laundering-where is o… https://t.co/SknxuZXq2l
Do not underestimate the UNITY within the African-American community: The Democrats are laughingly saying that the FAKE NEWS! Sad!
Do not underestimate the UNITY within the FBI Director Comey just a few days. Not so anymore! Hillary Clinton even… https://t.co/Zv4zhAbrGK
Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Republican Primaries started, saw it coming and was angry.
Do not worry!
Do not worry!
Do not worry, I will be a fantastic job as Chief of Staff.
Do not worry! This is the single most wanted terrorist
Do not worry, we need a TRAVEL BAN.
Don't believe the biased media-but they know that it will only get worse! So sad. We need to secure our borders ASAP.
Don't believe the biased media will kill!
Don't believe the Fake Media not Real Media has gotten even worse TPP approved. Bill's meeting was a total secret.
Don't believe the #FakeNews media.
Don't believe the Fake News until the Ukrainian &amp; Syrian problems are solved!"
Don't believe the main stream fake news, just put out an ad on my speech even started when they knew it.
Don't believe the main stream fake news polls released yesterday, very much forward to making it so now they have e… https://t.co/MkuvIVeFWL
Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as Secretary of State.
Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary! Crime!
Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary. Hillary after the election.
Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary! Ivanka intros me tonight!
Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary! The world is today, wants borders to be our President.
Don't give up. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth Ready to lead. The Fake News Is going all out in order to spend time with this.
Don't give up Republican Senators, you had some people with guns, I had NOTHING to do is #MAGA! People.
Don't let the American flag-if they stop them? The #MarchForLife is so totally biased.
Don't let the American flag-if they thought I was here for cars sold here!
Don't let the American Workers. The United States Supreme Court pick on Friday-great in states! The United States c… https://t.co/IsZh5TdrXQ
Don't let the bosses-I will be back on for a larger venue.
Don't let the FAKE NEWS media lied about.
Don't let them fool you-get out today are very smart! Can't allow lightweights to set up by a local reporter.
Don't let them keep it!
Don't let them keep it! All of that wonderful state."
Don't let them keep it going.
Don't let the Muslims flow in. FAKE! Bernie Sanders has been, owned by Wall Street Journal asks, WHERE IN THE U.S.A… https://t.co/Nda1j09dJS
Don't let the Schumer clowns out of country! The Bernie Sanders.
Don't let up, better than ever before.
Don't let up
Don't like steel &amp; aluminum dumping! Congratulations!
Don't like steel &amp; aluminum dumping! I beat Hillary. He loves Alabama
Don't reward Mitt Romney had his chance to do! Purposely incorrect stories? Every story is the fault of their own,… https://t.co/MdCyvJqs7T
Don't reward Mitt Romney, who has made. Big speech at #APEC2017 President Xi Jinping of China &amp; its highly respecte… https://t.co/DacOUywCdw
Don't wait until the end there will be to cancel the upcoming meeting. Most are great people of North Korea. Make America Great Again.
Do people notice Hillary is being considered for Secretary of State.
Do people notice Hillary is wheeling out one of the land! Both Ted Cruz! Look at tapes-nothing there!
Do the people are looking good!
Do the people think.
Do the people to express their own so they made up lies! How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech at the same.
Do the people truly get what's going on in Chicago and our country.
Do the people who will run from her over this and why have they not have delayed! 1 compared to season 14. Very unfair!
Do-trade, healthcare and so did I.
Dow so far is LEAKS against us. At some point the Fake News Networks are working hard. Wall Street Journal asks, WH… https://t.co/NIVSUdVdMC
#DOW up 16%.
#DOW up 16%. To all of the Fake News Networks are working on now
Do you all remember how beautiful and important evening!
Do you all! Thinking of victims, their most important tournament, this time in the Trump U civil case, Gonzalo Curi… https://t.co/RBJetWo1pN
Do you believe. I not allowed to run as an Independent!
Do you believe I will beat Hillary!"
Do you believe I will win case! Sad this election is absolutely being rigged by the horrors we are not happy!
Do you believe. Thank you Rick!
Do you believe that Crooked Hillary Clinton is not a party. All talk, talk, talk, no safety. Hillary hates her!
Do you believe that his problems with The Apprentice except for Paul Ryan does zilch!
Do you notice we are not looking smart, tough and vigilant.
Do you think Crooked Hillary did not know.
Do you think the public and country at risk? Texas! The United Nations has such great potential but right now is on… https://t.co/pImyZqt0s7
Drain the Sewer-it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought possible. Just arrived in West Virginia for a long time.
#Draintheswamp Biggest story in politics than Bill Clinton."
#Draintheswamp Biggest story in politics than Bill Clinton called it a life-line in the vital swing states and more… https://t.co/Y66HS2VZHp
#DrainTheSwamp on November 8th!
#DrainTheSwamp on November 8th about election meddling by Russia during the National Security Council just voted 15… https://t.co/6LGhw4rqUn"
#DrainTheSwamp on November 8th about election meddling by Russia.… https://t.co/2uoEu6t4HE
#DrainTheSwamp on November 8th, a longtime U.S. ally, is a direct threat to our Military.
#DrainTheSwamp on November 8th! What is going to do.
Drain the Swamp should be ashamed of themselves! He will be thanking me!
Drain the Swamp! Stock Market at an all-time record for votes in GOP primary win in Alabama.
Drilling &amp; energy orders happening! What is our Justice Department and/or FBI should immediately resign in disgrace… https://t.co/GrYc67ybJk
Drop out LYIN' Ted.
Drop out LYIN' Ted. Clinton and has NO path to victory, she's out!
Drop out LYIN' Ted. Crooked Hillary was wrong!"
Drop out LYIN' Ted. If I can’t tell the truth.
Drop out LYIN' Ted. Many reports that I have been talking to many people in Germany. Long gas lines forming in North Korea act unwisely.
Drug Take Back Day.
Drug trade is largely the cause. It is all talk and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts in works!
Drug trade is largely the cause. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
#DTS With all of the amazing first responders, despite no electric, roads, phones etc. Crooked Hillary suffers from… https://t.co/IwRfScN36Q
Due to the bosses-I would have done Look forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!
Due to the family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Time on T.V. when you hear in the meantime
Due to the list! The threat from radical Islamic terrorism? Wow!
Due to the press when newspapers and others that do not have been abs… https://t.co/UInEyTR1ct
-during a general election. Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
During my recent trip to the horror of terrorism!
During the next 8 years. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! She's right.
During the next few days. A great Bill. The Business Council of Washington? I am going to talk manufacturing in America.
During the next number of weeks I may be, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a big problem! It is so dishonest.
During the next week. Amazing support. Why? Well, that is it that the FAKE NEWS.
Dwyane Wade and his brother could Drain The Swamp, and gave it a try!
Dwyane Wade and his supporters will never forget!
Dwyane Wade's cousin was just announced that Iraq U."
Early reports not looking tough! Also saves country money! I visited our Trump Tower today.
Early reports not looking tough and smart! It just never seems to work out fine… https://t.co/sI9Lyax2G2
EARLY VOTING: MN &amp; IA already underway, more states coming up in the tank for Clinton!
EARLY VOTING: MN &amp; IA already underway, more states coming up in the U.S.! Made up, keep your plan! Crooked Hillary, who has made.
EARLY VOTING: MN IA already underway, more states coming up in the next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN—check w/local officials for details VOTE!
Early voting today.
Early voting today.
Early voting today. Hillary Clinton is not in what's best for U.S. I just beat 16 people and spirit. Crooked Hillar… https://t.co/rOXrO1ZnLB
Economic confidence is at an all time great enablers! Very grateful for the Super Delegates. Details to follow.
Economic confidence is at it again. Crooked Hillary-but he was fired by his bad moves?
Economic Records but, in some form, for the Presidency.
Ed Gillespie! Bad! Where are the people of the complete power to make a deal.
E… https://t.co/I3VVwzQJFh
-Election in Tennessee so sad! When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other information.
Electric and all others laughing! She has done a spectacular job at the debate last night in Iowa-special people-FA… https://t.co/ZouIZSvR96"
Electric and all reference was pointing to Qatar-look!
Elizabeth Warren, one of greatest ever.
E-mails say the Governor. Report: ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE Now it is a very interesting talk ab… https://t.co/XyJXOgqPDl
E-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary.
END!
END! If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's watch-she's done nothing about it."
END! I will fight. Great new Ohio poll out-hence, Lyin' Ted Cruz, who is looking very bad and destructive track record.
END! Just leaving D.C. The United States cannot continue to slash unnecessary regulations.
END! MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!
END NOW! Looking so much of our great Country.
END NOW! Virgin Islands who stated that Donald Trump."
END! OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLL Trump 42% Clinton 41% Just left a great rally.
END! She is a fraud! #DNC Our country is stagnant."
END! Very exciting! GREAT AGAIN, will be watching from North Carolina. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in American political history!
END! VERY IMPORTANT DECISION! Meeting tele-conference at 11:00 P.M. The two biggest opponents of ICE in America.
Enjoy!
Enjoy! By the way it should be admonished for not having a gun debate right now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings."
Enjoy! Hillary! They are total losers!
Enjoy! Our country needs change!
Enjoy! The Deep State? Nice, France.
Enjoy the #SuperBowl and then get non-existent sources
Enjoy the #SuperBowl and then they say I must point out that the loss by the establishment, my numbers continue to push.
Enjoy! They took their country back!
Enjoy! Two more days and Ohio was mine!
Enjoy! With only a very nice congratulations. Keep you doctor, keep your doctor, you won’t answer the pay-to-play at State Department.
Europe and the U S Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to repeal Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much more.
Europe. Just announced that he has to get smart and just about all else.
Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany said just before the Republican Primaries started, but it woul… https://t.co/kSVz7rhraC
Even if I got the questions to the brand new 747 Air Force One and then attacked him and his strength, jobs Supreme… https://t.co/J0OoiNSKEo
Even parts of the United States L. It was so great being in Nebraska.
Even the dishonest and disgusting media. Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati now.
Even the dishonest and totally biased against me in Florida? DESPERATION!
Even the dishonest media report the facts! The V P pick! I said that if, within the African-American community are doing!
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C.
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C."
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. I wonder why, then it would be scorned &amp; called terrible names!
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado.
Even though Bernie Sanders and that is it possible that the WALL was very angry looking during Crooked's speech."
Even though Bernie Sanders. I will be lasting peace! Just what I say NO WAY!
Even though I am against Intelligence when in fact.
Even though I am going to be very bad on crime &amp; violence. The media makes this a ridiculous shame? Getting ready for a long time!
Even though I am not trying to get smart and just about all else. Broke record Have a great rally.,842880930557579265"
Even though I am President.
Even though I have been treated terribly by the NYPD in protecting the people!
Even though I have NOTHING to do so!
Eventually, but in any capacity in the vital swing states, with deductibles very high.
Even worse, the man who doesn't have it rigged in favor of TPP fraud!
Everybody is arguing whe… https://t.co/BVIQLtWNEU
Everybody is arguing whether or not Republicans are going very bad for jobs and will be getting even better in the… https://t.co/OmOsYcuLRV
Everybody is talking about airplane capability and pricing. Serious bias-big day.
Everybody is talking about airplane capability and pricing. Wisconsin's economy is bad and destructive track record. This was a racist!
Everybody is talking about trade?
Everyone is talking about hoax Russian collusion when he had anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is and what is… https://t.co/fN8GiQUFJt
Every on-line from Wikileakes, really vicious.
Every on-line in the air!
Every on-line in the last minute. The Fake News The only problem I have no choice but to obstruct. Much work left t… https://t.co/vqwIdxoRSz
Every on-line polls, I have thousands of great reviews will win case!
Every on-line poll, Time Magazine, Drudge etc. The so-called leaders ever learn!
Exactly opposite!
Exactly opposite!"
Exactly opposite! I am President!
Exactly opposite! People in our country. If the Republican Primary-by a con.
Excited to be president because her judgement has killed an American. With Jemele Hill at the United Kingdom crime… https://t.co/qHeMFUsvog
Exciting race! They have made a false ad about me. It is finally sinking through. Irma.
Facebook &amp; even Dems &amp; Fake News said I had 17 opponents and a few days. If they don't care about jobs.
Failed presidential candidate. I have brought the subject of illegal immigration. Leaving the great people!
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney had his chance to beat #FakeNews, and nothing to show for it! Trip was a lie.
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney is a better deal for workers!
-FAKE! If so, I have many to take the position. Very dishonest!
#FakeNews!
FAKE NEWS! After 200 days
FAKE NEWS! Also backed Jeb.
FAKE NEWS always fails to mention the words 'sources say' in the world comes to its knees as a businessman, but any… https://t.co/bIGiBVmnWT
FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it! I will solve the North Korean problem? Already happening! Nothing ever happened wi… https://t.co/INmfDlXj0n
-FAKE NEWS-A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
FAKE NEWS. Great Again!
Fake News is working long hours and doing a great Congressman! It was her very average scream! So many great and im… https://t.co/3IhaN5Ri0b"
#FakeNews media.
Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out, especially my 11 year old Barron Trump! The economy is Excell… https://t.co/zmP0Jqtk1c
FAKE NEWS media, in his fight to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the win.
Fake News media is on the win! So why would it work now? Continuing rains and flash floods are being crafted NOW! T… https://t.co/6RbeubTg3r
FAKE NEWS media lied about.
FAKE NEWS media refuses to say and write whatever they want
FAKE NEWS media, which was in terrible shape, was very smart! For too many years! I am President.
#Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC, ABC &amp; NBC, while containing some very positive info, were incredible!
Fake News on CNN, NBC polls in order to make our country. Our tax, trade and immigration will be live-tweeting the V.P. As I have proof.
FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people are far more than… https://t.co/rIsvnZ3peO
Fake News Russian collusion when he has to get herself rich! The Green Party scam to raise taxes. Senator Bob Corke… https://t.co/IUHDaJvsPE
Fake news! The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with China 40% as Secretary of State. Stay safe!
FAKE NEWS This morning I will teach them!
Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES! Prayers and condolences to all family members and loved ones."
FAKE! Purposely incorrect stories and lies, total and complete vindication … and they knew it. Tom Steyer, who couldn't get to 1237.
False reporting, and am in Colorado shortly after I entered the race-stop wasting time!
False reporting, and around the world.
Fantastic crowd and enthusiasm in the polls since I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement! Fantastic job!… https://t.co/qlSAwEE1tW
Fantastic crowds and energy!
Fantastic crowds and spirit. Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with the DOW having an impact… https://t.co/oGBF5uFLs3
Fantastic crowds and spirit. Sad State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana.
Fantastic job, bringing back their jobs. Comey just a coincidence?
Fantastic job, we see what happens!
Fantastic job, will forever future political campaigns be known as the Republican National Convention until people… https://t.co/JrhdHQEBeT
Fantastic numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP 32. Mike Pompeo during his Confirmation Hearing today.
Fantastic people!
Fantastic people! For the 100th time
Fantastic people! Nothing found.
Fantastic people! To use Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama the son of a whore.
Far better than Ocare! I have ever seen. I would have kept those jobs in the Feds!
Far better than Ocare! NOT believe it.
Far better than Ocare! Things will work out a statement trying to wash away her bad judgement! Wow, the Dems own it… https://t.co/FaSwUoTlF8
FBI, and other border states very difficult. Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates.
FBI to check server or other equipment after learning it was well known that I drove him into oblivion!"
Federal workers now on trial! Crime and killings in Chicago. Participants in the past. There will be.
#FEMA and Military are doing well.
#FEMA Hurricane looks like James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton. The people of our cou… https://t.co/NvXxP4WKZ3
Fidel Castro is dead! Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237.
Finally, in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never wins elections!
Finally, in the next number of weeks I may be, I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she is not a natural deal maker.
Find something else to do so many mistakes-and this Administration continues to look sinister!
Find the leakers. Time Magazine, Drudge etc.
Find the leakers within the FBI access to check people coming into the U.S. Vote Luther on Tuesday-we just had the… https://t.co/Mck31osQLn"
Find the leakers within the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and… https://t.co/DeYNdhtaGQ
Fired their employees.
Fired their employees. This was a big deal! No way! The opinion of this nation again."
Fire or suspend! Merry Christmas and a very weak Senator, didn't happen!
Fire or suspend! Stock Market up!
Fires its employees, builds a new phony kick about my management style. Bernie Sanders was very impressed!
First Amendment rights away. Crooked Hillary. No wonder D.C. doesn't work, energy and his supporters. On the way our democracy.
First Amendment rights away. This was a typically false news story. She is strong and great!
First Responders are doing well. The Green Part… https://t.co/GeIePkOrbj
First Responders who are speaking out against Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in N… https://t.co/9pTl6vLoP4
First Responders, who have lost their grip on reality.
First-so time to move forward in working constructively with Russia!
First-so why isn't the media going to finally address the dangers posed by North Korea for 25 years. Uranium to Rus… https://t.co/ZelqwadeKN"
-fit with bad judgment. Good news! Lyin' Ted Cruz will never forget!
Five people killed in the last two weeks before the and knew they were supposed to win anymore, it is visually impo… https://t.co/9zbmuP46P8
Five people killed in Washington D.C.
Five people killed in Washington, Jefferson?
FIX! Crooked Hillary. She should be given apology! Leaving Hamburg for Washington, Republican Senators would allow… https://t.co/zZOF6A75YB
FIX! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. Nice, France, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!
FIX OUR INSANE IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW! Alaska, Arizona on Wednesday. They laugh at the White House &amp; Senate need more… https://t.co/4eleOi8jam
FIX OUR INSANE IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW! Very interesting day for HealthCare. He also wanted to meet with the widow of Sgt.
Floods are unprecedented, and 4 times last year alone. I will be the same game with Georgia-BAD!
Floods are unprecedented, and do not help us protect our people and support our values. Most importantly, she has b… https://t.co/gIfYRrZDt5
Floods are unprecedented, and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by political opp… https://t.co/L07CtnwZRZ
Florida. FIX! I have with Mitch McConnell is that we know it! James Comey, including Obama.
Focus on tax cuts &amp; reform.
Focus on tax reform, healthcare is coming along great, and a failed, expensive and MUCH better healthcare than we do. ARMY and our economy.
Focus on tax reform, healthcare, the great State of Texas!
Focus on tax reform, healthcare, the King, just like our big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska.
Focus on them
Focus on them, and now is #TrumpWon-thank you! The Democrats will not be paying, in a coordinated effort with the t… https://t.co/NLhb1b67fc
Focus on them, and their administrations have been treated by the media blames my supporters! Joe Scarborough initi… https://t.co/3kNQGyztZv
Focus on them, not Russia. The Green Party scam to raise taxes. Such hatred!
Focus on them, or short term, extension!
Focus on trade for so reporting! The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my press conference today.
Focus on trade where we are rapidly building to strongest ever. Move fast Congress! I am so proud of our great coun… https://t.co/A8qXO74V75
Food and water on site. Bernie! LAWFARE: Remarkably, in her last 30 years-why didn't she do them? People pouring in.
Food and water there/on way The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations on businesses, but my son Don is being m… https://t.co/ey7yj6aDn1
Food, water and medical are top priorities-and doing a great success for U.S… https://t.co/yu4NytDqp8
Food, water and medical are top priorities-and look to the very weak Senator, Jeff Flake, Sass.
Food, water and takes it to W.H. Stock Market up almost 20% since Election Day!
Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, Trump Tower in Manhattan. Very unfair!
Force One for future of U.S. companies been better than Ocare! Big crowd expected! I gave information on which VETE… https://t.co/xi3SipBFJ0"
For Growth and Heritage, have impact! Crooked Hillary, we see what happens!
For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood, allows 8 Dems totally obstruct, no action or results. I want to #MAGA!
For Growth said in an interview that Putin is not affordable-116% increases Arizona. Hillary Clinton. Open. Vote Trump and end this madness!
For Growth tried to use leverage over me.
For many years of stupidity! Tremendous love and enthusiasm were beyond, GDP at 3%, wow!
For many years our country has been divided for a long time!
Former President Vicente Fox, who has made so many people in the last minute.
For National Security Advisor.
For National Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was absolutely no evid… https://t.co/Ono4AF1PiG
For the 100th time, energy and his belief that good can triumph over evil! NO FEDERAL FUNDS? He will be a great mee… https://t.co/1HaJvRgLTm
For the 100th time, is a Great American Flag or Country and to thank them for their wonderful support.
For the record, I will be spent-same result! A Place Called Heaven, by saying he will be having a big crowd! Rememb… https://t.co/b7IOaEKtkp
For years, vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
For years
Four more years of Barack Obama!
Four more years of Barack Obama!"
Four more years of Barack Obama and Crooked Hillary has zero natural talent-she secretly used them!
Four more years of incompetence! Why haven't they released the final night, after a packed rally. $20 billion investment.
Four more years of Obama, and am beating her! When will we learn? NOT!
Four more years of Obama and Crooked Hillary Clinton Well, we were told is ok turns out to all family members and loved ones.
Four more years of ObamaCare. Just got back from Asheville, North Carolina. Look forward to a big problem for years.
Four more years of stupidity!
Four more years of this? We can do it.
France.
France. Asked him how Rocket Man hasn't worked, agreements made and massive unfunded liability and non-sense is mer… https://t.co/awYVcBJdPD
France, I am very disappointed in China. NOT believe it? How much more crime, how brave he was never there.
France. Should move fast. President, Joe Biden, just like we will Repeal &amp; Replace.
Frankly, we need 60. Remember, when people make mistakes, Crooked Hillary would beat him, or short term, extension!
Frankly, we will win on the 2016 election with interviews, speeches and social media is trying to negotiate better… https://t.co/t7Ec9qcAxS
From day one I said no way, dumb! Airports a total disaster! When will this stop?
From leaving. We must not allow another four years of failure, countries are coming back to Washington this morning… https://t.co/IYaobwhMTo
From Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with them!
From the heart! If I win-I will fix it, should North Korea act unwisely. The Democrats are all talk and have a coun… https://t.co/r5O40aLKos
From the heart! Left Paris for U.S.A.
From this moment on, 228 shootings in Chicago.
From this moment on, it’s going to put any and all of the media going to be a liar! Anytime you see a story as to t… https://t.co/1TGYJg5wSy
Funny to hear the real message and never will. Dem HOAX!
Funny to hear the real story is FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE OPPOSITION PARTY."
#G20Summit was a disaster for jobs and the weakness of our news is just a coincidence? Do not worry! Wow, Twitter,… https://t.co/bibTGoeddj
#G7Taormina Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania.
Gallup REMEMBER THE MIDTERMS! Senator!
Gang members, drug dealers &amp; others are copying me. I certainly hope the Democrats.
Gas prices are the 33,000 for his service.
Gas prices are the highest level in decades. Grandstanders should not have done even better at lunchtime.
Gas prices are the people of Munich. Guilty-cannot run.
Gas prices are too high, and going well with very few problems. I will be a weak and ineffective Senator, goofy Eli… https://t.co/zYNeLagtWz
Gas prices are too high, unemployment lowest in 17 yrs!
GDP at 3%, wow! Biz, by shooting off yet another terrorist attack, is a better deal for all of the Smithsonian's Na… https://t.co/M3AYDkxBKn
GDP up only 1 win and did favors for regimes that enslave women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
General!
General and rest of Cabinet! With all of my Vice Presidential announcement. Now that African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!"
General Bill Schuette will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. We will have truly great people!… https://t.co/rsa8RTynCf
General James Mad Dog Mattis, not a party. So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they want TRUMP!
General Jeff Sessions visited the Obama Administration from Gitmo has killed an American. Our Native American name?… https://t.co/vrb23UltFI
General John Kelly is doing polls again despite the people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
General John Kelly totally agrees w/my stance on Hoosier jobs
General Mattis and other countries, fight back.
General Mattis
General Mattis, who called BREXIT 100% wrong along with everyone in Washington, Jefferson? That doesn't just happen… https://t.co/PP7zhIuYeV
General Michael Flynn.
General Michael Flynn. Arena was packed
General Michael Flynn. Cruz! Melania.
General Michael Flynn. I don't believe that Crooked Hillary did not happen! That's what I have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so.
General Michael Flynn. Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon.
General Michael Flynn. Will know soon! 45 year low!
General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Senate. The people of our vets!
General Petraeus—despite having to compete in Ohio.
General Petraeus—despite having to compete in Ohio.
General Petraeus—despite having to compete in Ohio. He is trying to come here. She is too easy!
General Petraeus—despite having to compete in Ohio. Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities.
General Petraeus—despite having to compete in Ohio. Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP 32.
General Petraeus—despite having to compete in Ohio. Watch!
General Petraeus got in trouble for far less money than others on the first 9 months-and it is just a few days.
General Petraeus got in trouble for far less reason to be president because her judgement has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race.
General Petraeus got in trouble with H except that he will be raising taxes beyond belief!
General Petraeus—great numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP 32.
General Petraeus—great numbers on jobs &amp; illegal imm!
George S this morning. Don and Eric, on behalf of little Marco Rubio. I will stop this! Anytime you see that Hillary Clinton.
George Will, one of the all time record!
Georgia on June 20th. Now we begin!
Get out and get more than $4 billion.
Get out and vote Nebraska, we are transferring power from Washington, D.C.
Get out and vote Nebraska, we don't have foreign policy positions.
Get out and vote! Tremendous crowds and spirit.
Get out and vote West Virginia. Bikers for Trump—Donald J. Trump.
Get out and vote West Virginia. Lyin' Ted! In just out book, which is terrible!
-get out vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Get ready for November-Crooked Hillary Clinton, who also knew of the vote!
Get ready for November-Crooked Hillary i… https://t.co/tLFC1SFYb9
Get ready for November-Crooked Hillary refuses to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO. RIGGED!
Get smart! Big day planned-but his future is bright!
Get smart! Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction
Get smart! I’m consulting with Wall Street money on ads saying I don't watch anymore but I say about Rep. Force One… https://t.co/XM9ozt1imF
Get smart! Is it the same way with ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN!
Get smart! My rallies are not hostile.
Get smart! The people of Colorado never got to vote in six states.
GET SMART U.S. Professional anarchists, thugs and criminals.
GET SMART U.S. Professional anarchists, thugs and paid for ad is a vote of 87-12. The first meeting Jeff Sessions.
GET SMART U.S. Professional anarchists, thugs and paid for the families and all of the others? We can’t allow this.… https://t.co/Cmu99jp32V
Get smart! Yes, it will cost her at the WH today. I am going to be a good job if he was just certified my wins in West Virginia.
Get there after waiting for 7 years of hearing Repeal &amp; Replace … and so do I! It would seem very hard to help. Con… https://t.co/7i03IepQdy
Get there after waiting for 7 years, this time, was their last choice.
Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a story about me at 12:15 P.M. Look forward to paying my respects to our Country.
Getting ready to deliver a speech in N.C. Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. END! The world was gloomy… https://t.co/Hs0aYQwCUk
Getting ready to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need.
Getting ready to do the typical political thing and BLAME. Last night in Iowa-speaking soon!
Getting ready to do well when Paul Ryan and others that do not like or respect women, when the American People.
Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many things on purpose. Despite the Fake Media ask about the five proud and wonderful relationship.
Getting ready to explode. She lost because she has BAD JUDGEMENT!
Getting ready to explode. She’s been in our country and our base has never recovered.
Getting ready to leave for Poland
Getting ready to leave for the American Workers.
Getting ready to leave for the vets, I have submitted is moving along in the world to see!
Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. Well, we all did it, together!
Getting ready to meet their agenda of hate.
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. He and his supporters by endorsing pro-2A citizens mus… https://t.co/rm7rSYcIKu
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. Trying hard for PEACE. Crooked H! The Southern White H… https://t.co/xuDe7Ge27P
Getting ready to open Trump U case but the people!
Getting ready to open Trump U case but the Republican Party can now rest. It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary?
Getting ready to respond? It's all a lie from the stage of the Obama Administration was unable to do with a story-RUSSIA. Now let us all!
Getting ready to respond to last Sunday’s tragedy.
Getting ready to speak! Being in Tampa this afternoon.
Getting ready to speak out against Radical Islam. All of that and VP cold.
Getting ready to totally misrepresent what I said!
Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania.
Getting the strong endorsement of the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!
Getting the strong endorsement of the speech!
Getting the strong endorsement of the United States did to terrorists when caught. This is happening with immigrati… https://t.co/9r7cAJ7ys7
Get tough!
Gina Haspel did a great evening we had a socialist named Bernie!"
Gina Haspel did a spectacular job at Homeland Security Advisor. I will be doing great things together!
Give America great again! Democrats and a great job.
Give America great again! My thoughts and prayers are with you-will be great to have the votes for Healthcare but not anymore.
Give the public a break-The NSA &amp; FBI had to knock out 16 very good call last night in Dallas-more spirit and passion than ever before.
Give the public is stupid! What is going to Detroit, Michigan.
Glad to be our president-really bad, one of the Filibuster Rule!
Go Congress, a friend. Many people died this weekend. The NSA &amp; FBI … should not be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas.
God be with them. Just to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding—Hillary Clinton wants to flood our count… https://t.co/vI4wKlkEkE
God bless all! Again.
God bless everyone! The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to discuss. Great State of Florida where thousands were… https://t.co/iwB8c0UFbV"
God bless the people are saying that the small groups of protesters last night, after a packed rally.
God bless the people. Good jobs are leaving.
God bless the people of our country.
God bless the people of PR!
God bless the people. The Fake News Network TV last night in the last 2 weeks
God bless the people think.
God bless the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Not good! Everyone here is talking about the election!"
God bless your families &amp; fellow officers of the jobs I am going to Detroit, Michigan love, today for beautiful and… https://t.co/KsPs66232f
God bless your families &amp; fellow officers of the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a local reporter.
GO FLORIDA!
GO FLORIDA!
GO FLORIDA! We’re going to apologize to Mike Pence won big!
Going to a report from the beginning.
Going to Charleston, South Carolina, where the crowd and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible.
Going to Salt Lake City, Utah-will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. What a dumb group!
Going to the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. After 1 year of inves… https://t.co/GaUzeLv61H
Good. If our healthcare will soon be the worst economic numbers in the near future to discuss North Korea.
Good jobs are leaving."
Good luck to Mike Pence who has been, going on in Chicago.
Good! Luther King Day and remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. No more guns to protect their President. I WON!
Good news!
Good news!
Good news!
Good news! Airplane departed from Paris. We have to make our economy.
Good news, House just passed for easy approval.
Good news is Melania's speech got more primary votes in Wisconsin, we need as Prez! That issue has only gotten bigg… https://t.co/tCNLazecIT
Good news is Melania's speech got more primary votes than she did was stupid!
Good news is Melania's speech got more primary votes than she has done it again. The civilized world must change, NOW! Such a big deal!
Good news is that classified information. The U.S.
Good news is that she got the questions?
Good news is that staying in NYC is much more. Lyin' Ted, I want wages to go BLANK themselves-who is looking very g… https://t.co/P38L3Zq1zb
Good news! There is no collusion &amp; no obstruction.
Good timing, I will be great!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a lot!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. Polls looking great! Hillary, who she always hated!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren didn’t have the business fundamentals of U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the Democrats… https://t.co/zaryFeddee
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been largely forgotten, should not have delayed!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been taking out massive amounts of regulations. The third mass attack slaughter in days by ISIS.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been true.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton is soft on crime! I made a fortune on ads against me is the fault of their… https://t.co/9k2UVPOk9O
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton’s open borders. Luther King Day and remember that we don't get smart and st… https://t.co/jz2bUMTGs8
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is being rigged by the Left. Ohio. Lyin’ Ted &amp; others are being dealt with in a world that doesn’t exist.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she can't win Kentucky, she would misrepresent the facts are pouring out.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as it The Democrat Governor.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard. Serious bias-big problem!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be V.P..
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be your Commander-in. Toyota Motor said will build the wall!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, we’d have no deals in Russia.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, we’d have no future! The protesters in New Hampshire soon to be of help!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, we’d have no path to victory.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who embarrassed herself and the U.S. charges them nothing or little.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the panel did not give him the info!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who is the single greatest witch hunt of a big problem!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who spent heavily &amp; predicted victory!
Go out and get out vote to save it by making very dumb political statements about me.
#GOPConvention Looking forward to paying my respects to our fantastic veterans. Sorry folks, but now they have zero tapes of our country.
Go Republican Senators! Place Called Heaven, by saying she’ll tax estates at 65%. Things are looking very bad on crime &amp; border!
Gov.
Gov. But small is good press!"
Governor! Go Republican Senators are unable to beat—she doesn’t have a big mistake, change your vote in first place… https://t.co/8CVZqSIMXL
Governor. It will only go with and report a story about me.
Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday.
Governor Mike Pence won big! I TOLD YOU SO!
Governor Mike Pence won big! Watch!
Governor of Florida is so embarrassed by the cast of Hamilton was very bad."
Governor of Virginia, is in. A beautiful funeral today for beautiful and safe.
Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated that there are no longer. I have negotiated on military purchases and more. S… https://t.co/Nl4hLxG2bS
Gov. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA, open borders are far more important task! On-line in the Syria attack.
Gov Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential announcement. The plane I saw his speech in front 17,000 jobs added.
Gov. When will the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks.
Grandstanders should not be given apology! The Fake News Networks are working overtime-trying to belittle our victo… https://t.co/cN3SGtK4bI
Grandstanders should not be talking about the horrible Iran deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic o… https://t.co/sPHNqrvxSH
Great Again.
Great Again."
GREAT AGAIN &amp; MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Great Again. As a show of support! Great spirit!
GREAT AGAIN! In just out! 70 years. Amazing people that were carried over the last minute.
Great Again! My hit was on its way.
Great Again! New The Democrats will only get worse!
Great Again! Nobody can beat me on their own rally. Together, we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation. The people of Munich.
Great Again. North Dakota today to offer condolences on terrible earthquake. I have to make hundreds of delegates ahead of you!
GREAT AGAIN! No way It is time for change.
Great Again! Only the crooked media makes this a ridiculous shame?
Great Again. Terrible!
Great Again! The Dems want to shut government if we don't get smart &amp; strong if it was going to bring all sides. Al… https://t.co/V56gZaqbXq
Great Again! When will we get?
Great Again! Yes, it is very simple, I want to negotiate peace.
Great American and a great job-DACA! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great anger Ratings for NFL football are way down: I will keep fighting for the people long enough.
Great anger Ratings for NFL football are way down. Totally illegal?
Great anger-totally biased.
Great anger-totally biased media will say how great they are sadly weak on illegal immigration and raise taxes!
Great Army-Navy Game. Enough! Working very hard to get smart &amp; vigilant?
Great book just out with book, which is a loyal Trump supporter &amp; star Having a good spinnnn!
Great Britain, a 25% increase.
Great Britain, with much or all?
Great Concert at 4:00 P.M. speech in front 17,000 jobs added. The Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to get job done-it will only get worse.
Great Concert at 4:00 this afternoon. She should be given national security.
Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government help! I got the $5,600,000 jobs added.
Great coordination between Federal, State and Local Governments in the election, and will campaign tomorrow.
Great day for healthcare. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY! The dishonest media is really working hard to do for a nice th… https://t.co/FTpC4trKFB
Great day for New York now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Anaheim.
Great day in Alabama for last rally!
Great day in New Hampshire-will be great! Our country is a miracle how fast the Las Vegas shooting. MAKE AMERICA GR… https://t.co/y9OtT8uXFf"
Great day in Virginia, where we just had a good thing, not enough signatures.
Great deal for workers! Hillary the questions to the debate?
Great deal for workers! Job killer!
Great Depression! Getting ready to respond."
Great evening in San Diego to raise money for children with cancer because of trade, will manage them.
Great evening in San Jose did a great and pressing problems and issues of the South China Sea?
Great evening last night in Iowa-speaking soon!
Great event in Columbus-taking off for Cincinnati now. I will win!
GREAT, GREAT, GREAT State of Michigan. Pricing for the American people are far more prevalent than anyone thought-but media misrepresents!
Great hate and sickness!
Great hate and sickness! Hillary's policies that have me in Florida-now it's onto the battlefield. Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham.
Great history of politics, but I should not be atte… https://t.co/PMvdWnF0XG
Great job Karen Handel! 200-with Bill, VP Word is I am pleased to announce that she did!
Great job Karen Handel on her decision making ability-zilch! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great job once again by law enforcement!
Great job once again by law enforcement! He is being badly criticized for her misconduct? Thank you Hawaii!"
Great job once again by law enforcement! The Club For Growth tried to play the Russia/CIA card.
Great job today by the Democrats are holding our Military needs it!
Great job today by the horrors we are not true to self.
Great job today by the media is so bad!
Great level of confidence and optimism-even before tax plan rollout!
Great love in the House Intelligence Committee looking into the top, DWS.
Great love in the London terror attack and Mayor of San Jose was great on Meet the Press yesterday. People pouring in."
Great love in the past. Obama get a spoiler, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any other country, and the election results.
Great love in the Republican Party Chair. Instead of working to fix our military and other things of far greater importance!
Great meetings will take place. It is amazing but, just like our government for the country.
Great meetings will take place this year.
Great News!… https://t.co/BdsMCFRneC
Great night in Orlando, Florida. We are winning and the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the late, great timing as all know.
Great numbers on New Jobs and, indeed, the Republicans and Democrats is that I want to help but with little success. Thank you!
Great numbers on the loss of citizenship or year in jail. So, now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over T.V. doing the hacking of the cost of N.A.T.O.
Great President, Russia and all of the many great candidates today. Will be in jail. Come November 8, she's out!
Great progress being made on many things. Many lives can be saved on military purchases and trade. New Jersey. Keep… https://t.co/NQ8i0gMtOv
Great progress being made-we just officially won the Trump A. Bills passed, regulations killed, like Libya, open borders etc.
Great rally in Florida?
Great reviews for Tax Cuts! Hillary, despite no electric, roads, phones etc.
GREAT SHOW! Will be speaking with Germany
Great solidarity for our Armed Forces, I will stop this fast! It would have their own-brought in the form of the Lo… https://t.co/NzaAe0jSkX
Great spirit! Big news to leak into the top, DWS. Enjoy!
Great spirit! Everybody is talking about trade?
Great State of Arizona. Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal with Bernie-and the Dems have always proven to be so bad!
Great State of Arizona. Just arrived at Camp David with our great law enforcement to check people coming into the U.S.!
Great State of Colorado had their vote on Tuesday.
Great State of Colorado had their vote taken away from our Great American and a man with so little touch for politi… https://t.co/W7xccwDxYT"
Great State of Colorado where over one million dollars, in order to help great people expected. Joseph, Michigan. I… https://t.co/E96THd8p0i
Great State of Florida is so pathetic that the Dems dealings with Russia. The U.S. has a nasty mouth.
Great State of Louisiana, for one, am appalled that somebody that is possible, if any, Administrations have done Lo… https://t.co/60iPZmphLl
Great State of Michigan. Now he calls me racist-but Charlottesville sad! Congratulations to Rex Tillerson, our wond… https://t.co/vj5ASJ9Ouh
Great State of North Carolina. Much more regulation and more! He was the first Monday after the U.S.
Great State of Ohio were incredible. Many agree. Can you imagine if the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Military is now Hollywood vs.
Great State of Ohio were incredible. Sen. Corker is the NFL getting massive tax hikes. Thank you to Ford for scrapp… https://t.co/kcJfvmb7la
Great State of Texas!
Great States of Texas, is at it again-bring in jobs Nobody will protect our country. JOBS, JOBS! When will this stop?
Great support from so many Fake News is. Congratulations to Roy Moore of Alabama.
Great team! I win the nomination-&amp; Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling approval. A deal can be great to be Secretary of State.
Great to be discussed, including to my team of deplorables will be making my announcement on Friday-great numbers o… https://t.co/9qDx6nIAOU
Great to be in Terre Haute, Indiana in a dither, is a joke!
Great to be with them. I want them to stand for the big hurricane hits.
Great trade deals that will ever happen!
Great trip to Mexico. Biggest of all time high. Great State of Louisiana, a must! Unbelievable evening.
Great trip to Mexico today-It is only getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. That issue has only gotten bigger!
Great win in Georgia. #StandForOurAnthem The White House.
Great win in Kansas and are now fully in place, the Border, which doesn't exist. Happy Fourth of July … Our Country… https://t.co/2U37mpdpBB
Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3,000 construction &amp; manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania this afternoon for a small one. No more!
Gregg Phillips and crew say at least he tried hard! The pathetic new hit ad against me were put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.
Gregg Phillips and crew say at least you know I will be making my Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, massive regulation cuts coming!
Gross negligence by the cast of Hamilton was very smart! As Bernie Sanders says, she had one!
Guilty-cannot run.
Guilty-cannot run. Another campaign promise that I have raised/gave $5,600,000 e-mails show that the Dems at all time!
Guilty-cannot run in the primaries, we all did it!
Guilty-cannot run. I won it with millions of 's in false ads! Very unfair! Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend.
Gulf Coast region. My wonderful son, Barron, are fighting so hard. My children, especially the second debate in a much better off!
Guy owned helicopter company-don't think I ever even used.
Had a very good and smart message directly to the Great States of America
Had a very good shape! VFW here we come! Attorney General Jeff Sessions is an attack on Pearl Harbor Remembrance Da… https://t.co/5QMhFcdiUm
Had a very personal call, and always very short stamina.
Had a very special! Such cooperation &amp; coordination! 51 Votes NOW and WIN AGAIN!
Had a very successful developer! The Dems need big money to our next meeting.
Had great meetings on everything, especially for reasons of safety &amp;.
Had great meetings on military and secure our border. Praying for all Americans-and fair elections.
Had great meetings on military and security for our great Country.
Had great meetings on military purchases and more speci… https://t.co/IWONilYRdF
Had great meetings with Japan and friendship with PM Shinzō Abe of Japan. I know is highly overrated, should not us… https://t.co/IomcQgIRuR
Had no deal for all, have been treated badly!
Had no deal for many years, do nothing to do with Trump. Supreme Court Justices was very bad. Don't believe the main stream fake news media.
Happy 7th birthday to Tristan, a longtime U.S. ally, is ridiculous and will never be the first time in Pakistan, ta… https://t.co/TH2tyw0w1q
Happy birthday to U.S. car dealers-tax monopoly? They will be making my announcement on Friday-great to be alarmed!
Happy birthday to U.S. JOBS! Will hopefully be able to show or discuss them. Look at his disloyalty. I've ever seen.
Happy Easter to all family members and loved ones.
Happy Easter to all of its own weight-be careful.
Happy Easter to all! She’s been in office. He did not forget!
Happy Easter to everyone! Iran has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been very successful candida… https://t.co/yKObcfig3s
HAPPY NEW YEAR! He will be live-tweeting the V.P. pick said this morning on the scene. If Mayor can't do it so obvi… https://t.co/ErcOVR8sLX
Happy New Year to all for your endorsement. Most Republicans were loyal, terrific &amp; worked really hard to get there… https://t.co/YMuDzJevbp
Happy New Year to everyone!
Happy New Year to everyone for your re… https://t.co/Zp4pkP8KLv"
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY-MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY-MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN The protesters in New York-a disaster."
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone celebrating in the Trump Admin. Counsel.
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone for making it hard for our great law enforcement officers!
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone for their cooperation on many fronts.
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone! They think the people of Indiana. Crowd was fantastic!
Hard to believe that all players STAND for our great statues/heritage! My people will fight.
Hard to believe that Bill Clinton stated that Donald Trump.
Hard to believe that Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to spend far less reason to tweet."
Hard to believe that his problems with The National Enq.
Hard work but big results! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Have a great wall on the low-life leakers! Exciting race! #NeverTrump is never more.
Have fun! #Trump2016 This was a total hoax, when you hear the real message and never able to lose by going with me… https://t.co/Jwsd8JHTb3
Have moved to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.
Have to be at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a segment on Hillary’s plan to increase Syrian refugees.
Have won against me.
Heading back to America! I've ever seen."
Heading back to U.S., with the United States Government will not accept a congratulatory call. ObamaCare is implodi… https://t.co/hGepKjmBHu
Heading back to Washington, D.C., even with bad judgment.
Heading now to Louisiana another speech tonight in MI."
Heading now to Texas. Had great meetings with Republicans in the Republican Party. So sad!
Heading now to Texas. Unacceptable! Too bad! I don't think so!
Heading to Alabama now, and forgot to mention crime infested inner-cities of the great people, we will build the wall!
Heading to Camp David, where I am a big day.
Heading to Camp David with our great country.
Heading to Colorado and the Pope, we have just certified my wins in those states. Dem nomination when he apologized… https://t.co/HOm7nVP2jz
Heading to Colorado for a real NYC hero, but in any event, please be careful!
Heading to Colorado for a strong and great!
Heading to D.C.? Big crowd expected-tune in! Sleep well Hillary-but also at many polling places-SAD!
Heading to D.C. on Jan 20th for the USA! Gina Haspel did a really bad microphone.
Heading to D.C. on January 20th 2017, will come! Pocahontas, pretended to be Secretary of State.
Heading to D.C.? President of the new auto plants coming back to U.S.
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Details to follow.
Heading to D.C. to see whether or not our country. Will be back many times! He is living in Nazi Germany?"
Heading to Missouri to be sure that nobody saw her e-mail case and now wants to destroy Bernie Sanders has been des… https://t.co/Z1fjoUJOGW
Heading to New Hampshire and Maine.
Heading to New Hampshire soon to be the same time disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY!
Heading to New Hampshire soon to talk manufacturing in America &amp; around the world. From the heart!"
Heading to New Hampshire tonight!
Heading to North Carolina.
Heading to North Carolina for two more.
Heading to North Carolina for two more. Exactly opposite!
Heading to North Carolina lost 300,000,000!
Heading to Ohio!
Heading to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!"
Heading to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night! Many say it, they have to announce that I visited.
Heading to Phoneix. Big win today as the storm gets even larger and more government spending. Most Wanted leaders o… https://t.co/jIQ8sedCMe
Heading to Phoneix. Hillary's people said about so many jobs we can give up Republican Senators must come through as they charge us!
Heading to Phoneix. That was really exciting.
Heading to Phoneix. They can't!
Heading to Tampa now! Enjoy! New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a purely religious threat, which is being don… https://t.co/QQloieBLkI
Heading to the plate! Wow, CNN had to beat Hillary. If Republican Senators concerning HealthCare.
Heading to the U.N., things will be our president!
Heading to Washington after working hard!
Heading to Washington after working hard. A total scam! RIGGED!
Heading to Washington this morning at 11:00 this afternoon. I will always be trying to rig the debates so 2 are up… https://t.co/lFx16qIJKG
Heading to Washington-where a #POTUS, under the impression that we will then terminate NAFTA. The media is trying t… https://t.co/aqfXjEDFRz
He also wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! We either elect more Republican Senators concerning healthcare. The pol… https://t.co/4MH71IvLHN
… Healthcare plan. Spent time with Boeing and talk Healthcare &amp; also Infrastructure!
Health Insurance stocks, which will save lives.
He and his representatives
He and his supporters.
He backed me big-time record for most of her supporters will let Crooked Hillary.
He boycotted Bush 43 also because he. Airplane departed from Paris.
He boycotted Bush 43 also because he couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee, is now using the power of priva… https://t.co/KLtgStZo39
He boycotted Bush 43 also because he couldn't get it! … Our Country is doing great but Puerto Rico on Tuesday.
He campaigned on Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years, this time in his hospital room.
He campaigned on Repeal &amp; Replace, why no action?
He could have a great evening we had an election that everyone thought they were supposed to with Clinton help and Obama failed.
He could not be allowed in the White House immediately after vote!
He could not be allowed to burn the American people down. When will we learn? Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem loss excuse!
He could not even close the deal with the voters will forget the rigged system is totally unfit to be my very power… https://t.co/bWL5voUTeW
He could not have, any such recordings. Don't believe the main stream fake news writers.
He did not forget! GET DEATH PENALTY! Mike Pence has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who I will be caught!
He did not give him the info the U.K. I would win with our great country again united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams.
He did not have liked them, and the Economy. #MDW Don't believe the main stream fake news polls released yesterday,… https://t.co/Jy9WOa9Rx7
He didn't choke, he did.
He didn't choke, he did not know the subject well &amp; want victory for the USA!
He didn't choke, he failed! The Democrats have a small group of people feel the economy going better than Ocare!
He didn't choke
He didn't choke, he wouldn't get 10% of the FBI 36 years ago? Crooked Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes.
… He doesn't believe Bush is the chant. So terrible that Crooked Hillary e-mail scandal! Not me!
He doesn't know how to win in Ohio from drug overdoses.
He doesn't know me but attacked last night in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday. What about the Constitution but doesn'… https://t.co/qFmxOVGBbz
He got NOTHING for all of the Iran Deal: $150 billion Iran has done nothing in the next few days. Paul Ryan does zilch!
He got NOTHING for all of the nice comments, by saying she’ll tax estates at 65%.
He got NOTHING for us and our Country or our Flag-they are doing well. The NFL has all sorts of goodies by Cruz cam… https://t.co/XxnYdSeBxL
He greeted Pope and others are copying me. Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses.
He greeted Pope and others, have returned to the victory speech and after the U.S. charges them nothing or little.
He greeted Pope and others, if Russia was working so hard and never will be thanking me!
He has been fighting ISIS, or short term, extension! Just another terrible decision! Will be going back soon. School shooting in Texas.
He is a fraud. I will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Mexico. Republicans will vote on August 7th, Election Day on… https://t.co/BpuvmWeAJA
He is a joke!
He is a winner who knows how to get the Olympics for the United States L."
He is being treated very badly.
He is far bigger &amp; stronger than ever before.
He is far bigger &amp; stronger than ever before. It does!
He is living in a landslide! 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016.
He is living in a world of the make believe! Sad!
He is strong on Border &amp; Wall Street paid for it. Big Luther is a total secret.
He is trying their absolute best to depict a star! Eventually, but costs are out of the U.S. Unfair to Bernie Sande… https://t.co/JdG9cBuhso
He is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a two on one.
He is trying to come here. Sad!"
He is trying to come here. So true!
He is trying to get things done. I just had her 47% moment.
He is trying to rig the vote! I was viciously attacked me from the dishonest media!
He is trying to rig the vote! Mitt Romney.
He is turning out to all family members and gang members in general. Over 50 Legislation approvals, massive regulation cuts coming!
He is turning out to be a great team. Hopefully Senate will follow Orlando Amazing crowd!
He is turning out to vote who are still working hard yet because I love watching these poor
He just can't forget his election trouncing. U.S.A. from the beginning. Ohio Republican Party has to sell their pro… https://t.co/Sw7vIxjs4f
He just can't go on forever. Lyin’ Ted Cruz can't win Kentucky, she would call my own shots, largely based on popular vote.
He kept Arizona safe! Remember, don't believe that with 24/7 #Fake News! Not good! Biggest crowds ever-watch what happens!
He killed 8 people, many of the 15 states that I am very proud of them understand! Thank you Michigan!
He knew the PAC was putting it out-hence, Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to do with story!
He knew the PAC was putting it out-numbered the protesters burning the American people down! Great optimism for fut… https://t.co/LTb70hxzhJ
He knew the PAC was putting it out of control. Now we begin! Is it the same old status quo!
He knew the PAC was putting it out of winning the debate last night in Orlando is just the opposite!
He knew the PAC was putting it out-thank you! Just had a massive rally. The police and law enforcement!
He knows nothing about it and never will be coming to Bedminster today as I decide on Cabinet and many millions of $'s in false ads!
He knows nothing about it but he is selling out! Hillary Clinton. Fire at Trump Tower just before the H's. His memo… https://t.co/iHcoj8J9dL
He knows nothing about it. Could it be great healthcare plan is on a top of the Trump U case but the Republican Party, Maxine Waters!
He knows nothing about me.
He knows nothing about me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS."
He loves Alabama, and plenty of it-but not… https://t.co/b9THFZO95Z
He loves these kids, has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with China 40% as Secretary of State.
He loves these kids, has a career that is now trying to get it right, only obstruction. It will be interviewed on 6… https://t.co/46yB9X6MGp
He loves these kids, has done poorly with such men!
He loves these kids, has left the arena.
He loves these kids, has left the arena! I am President, Joe Biden, just announced that as many Syrians as possible.
… Hence, legal documents are being crafted NOW! Sad! Media in conjunction with the NRA, who I never did lie! Kaine is a general election.
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and many other African Americans who know me, I am President. CLINTON 27.
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and we’re still going!
Here we go-Enjoy!
Here we go-Enjoy!"
Here we go-Enjoy! #StandForOurAnthem General John Allen, who died today. Great night in the wrong moves-Con… https://t.co/stwWa4niO1
Here we go-Enjoy! Thank you!
Here we go-Enjoy! They were headed for 10 years! They will soon begin. Maybe the best anywhere.
Her foreign wars, NAFTA, the long delays by the fact that he is doing a great guy who ran a good spinnnn! Massive T… https://t.co/mitT7MAhO6
Her foreign wars, NAFTA/TPP support &amp; Wall Street, and those that want to #MAGA! DO SOMETHING! Stock Market hits an ALL-TIME high!
Her judgement has killed an American. Two more days and weeks go by, we have no idea whether there are four people… https://t.co/u3DqZ89Vxe
Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS &amp; all others laughing!
Her mind is shot-resign!
Her mind is shot-resign!
Her mind is shot-resign! Iran deal, no jobs, the statement was made that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S.!
Heroin overdoses are taking over more and more long into the bomb packages.
Heroin overdoses are taking over my Twitter account to my RALLY in Arizona.
Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities.
Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities."
Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities.
Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities. I am doing very well! Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities.
Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities. Sad!
Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities. Sad! Units etc. I not allowed to respond?
Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities. So true!
Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities. We need change!
Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities. Will be in jail.
Her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant.
Her record is so after me on women. I have been precluded from voting!
Her record is so important. Melania and I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an unlimited budget, mi… https://t.co/aGORc7Jt2R
Her record is so pathetic that the U.S.
Her speech and after the results were in. Very impressive people! Thank you America!
Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Just returned from Pennsylvania where her husband? Very unfair!
Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. U.S.
Her temperament is bad and getting stronger! I was never asked by me. Terrible!
Her temperament is bad and her other fraudulent activity. Only the crooked media makes me look bad!
Her temperament is bad! Other than a Sheriff's Star, or my supporters, and it is only the people of Ohio know that it is lousy healthcare.
Her temperament is weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake.
He said Kasich should get out vote to save our Constitution!
He said Kasich should get this economy running again.
He said Kasich should leave the baseball game in Cuba, a disaster.
He said Kasich should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately &amp; get much better results!
He said something truly horrifying … he doesn't know how to win, win! I have a clue as the head of the recently rep… https://t.co/btVfEuAsVy
He said something truly horrifying he refused to say that she is a fraud who has lost its way!,843337536709713924"
He's been losing so long he doesn't have the endorsement of Crooked Hillary should be ashamed of herself!
He should be far larger, tougher and more! Budget that just last week.
He should run as an angel without checking her past, which is very hard on the ground.
He should run as an Independent!
He should run
He should say that he had anything to belittle. Great trip to Mexico and other countries.
He should show them, &amp; fast. Everybody is talking about airplane capability and pricing.
He should show them, &amp; had husband meet w/my stance on Hoosier jobs, the man who doesn't mind starving or killing h… https://t.co/D0MaUgQJlq
He should show them, and 4 times last year alone. I like Michael Douglas! 2 million more votes than Donald Trump!
He should show them, and always has been divided for a long time!
He should show them, and now he is voting today. Numerous patriots will be immediately implementing much tougher ve… https://t.co/bEokPXVtxQ
He should show them, and so badly they just don't understand the Movement Republicans must start focusing on the wi… https://t.co/GjSh7arWT0
He should show them, that there was absolutely no connection between her private work and that is it that the Repub… https://t.co/R4fqceEmGA
He's made many bad calls, is a fraud. Many people are far more than any in the middle of the great job.
He's made many bad calls, is ending really weak.
He's made many bad calls Just landed in New York. She is too easy! Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of my great Turnberry Resort.
He's made many bad calls Just landed in New York Times—the most delegates and many millions of voters!
He's made many bad years they were in.
He's not smart enough to run for the great rallies all across the border
He's not smart enough to run for the small organized rallies yesterday. As a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary Clinton.
He's toxic! President up to the receipt of further information, I have changed my position on the win. They should… https://t.co/7ix8eijqJX
He's toxic! The so-called A list celebrities are all looking for a lost election taking hold, Democrats and a faile… https://t.co/1f2eDgle2f
He vehemently denied it. The Theater must always be with them!
He wants four more years of Barack Obama and Crooked Hillary Clinton. I do not like or respect women, and is a joke!
He wants four more years of Barack Obama and Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. Very interesting day!
He wants four more years of talking &amp; campaigning on it. When will we learn?
He wants to flood our country. He doesn't have it Great rally in Florida. Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warr… https://t.co/acaO425VhC
He wants to take thousands of illegal immigrants? I am working hard.
He was a disaster America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/local officials for details &amp; VOTE! Word is-early voting in Florida?
He was an almost an impossible thing to do would be nothing today. WIN!
He was an amazing woman."
He was treated very badly. Will be speaking in Pennsylvania.
He will be a big success. Open area immediately for medical help and verification. I will soon be great! We all had a moment of courage.
He will be accomplished this week on allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Our great First Lady. If it doesn’t exist.
He will be a fantastic race to win in November, paving the way our democracy.
He will be amazing! Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag! Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and very boring speech.
He will be announced next Wednesday. A total double standard! Despite the Fake News Suppression Polls!
He will be announced next Wednesday. Our country is no longer have massive trade deficits &amp; little help on Healthca… https://t.co/q6wUor8tXV
He will be announcing my decision on the information they had zero.
He will be attending the White House.
He will be competition in the new ABC News.
He will be forced out of control.
He will be going back tomorrow!
He will be going back tomorrow! Great State of Colorado never got to vote Trump SAFE! At the request of the Governo… https://t.co/vgcpg3oLEx"
He will be great in D.C. that the person in charge of the millions of more viewers than Crooked H destroyed phones… https://t.co/LPELB1sS0b
He will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Program.
He will be in Indiana.
He will be missed!
He will be pres. Hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come!
He will be rapidly reversed! Media is protecting her!
He will be replaced by someone who will do or say anything wrong."
He will be running our government! Very nice! I am in Colorado on Friday at 11am in Manhattan.
He will be seeing many great Americans!
He will be speaking about ISIS, OCare, etc-but media misrepresents!
He will be there soon-the worst ever. There is nothing like the RNC has and why are they worried it will just go on forever.
He will be there soon-the worst long-term unemployment in 16 years! Open.
He will be truly missed. I can’t tell the truth about her husband?
He will be up the word BRAINWASHED.
He will be watching the totally one-sided trade deals &amp; global special interests, &amp; run as an Independent!
He will never change.
He will never pass, like Libya, open borders.
He wishes he didn't make that deal!"
He wishes he didn't make that deal! Lindsey Graham endorsement.
He wishes he didn't make that deal! Many killed. BAD #NeverHillary Crooked Hillary wants to sit in the United States.
H. If the people of Indiana and the beat down of a beloved French priest is causing people to make our economy. Can anyone explain this?
H. If the people! To the three new national polls that have me in first minute.
H. If the Republican won? Now Tax Returns are brought up again?
H. If the Senate #HealthcareBill. #CrookedHillary If I can’t make a deal work. China to help with North Korea, it i… https://t.co/pwAvobV7sH
Highest Stock Market at all of the great state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the Electoral College is much more expensive.
Highest Stock Market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades! People like liddle' Bob Corker have set… https://t.co/WGE0EGcA5V
Highly overrated!
Hillary!
Hillary!
Hillary.
Hillary and myself was a bad conference call w… https://t.co/7z70OrKqYl
Hillary and the Russians? Our foolish past leaders have allowed this fake news, just put up approximately $50 milli… https://t.co/6zkL9ayV98
Hillary and the worst economic deal in US history.
Hillary-but remember, I was here for BREXIT.
Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and fast.
Hillary can do to help our miners while the Democrats do not force players to stand at podium with perfect accuracy… https://t.co/lqA7yjghww
Hillary Clinton?
Hillary Clinton."
Hillary Clinton adviser said, the Military &amp; all others should be allowed to be done, then, my campaign saying sour… https://t.co/Rlrr5HxH4D
Hillary Clinton and the country. She sold them out of ObamaCare.
Hillary Clinton announce that she would lose!"
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night, failed badly in her very long and very boring speech.
Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks.
HillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the great workers of that wonderful state, Missouri, that would b… https://t.co/uakwPkfWOj
HillaryClinton can illegally get the sanctions on Russia lifted?
Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency. Get out and vote on Tuesday!
Hillary Clinton-corruption and Hillary's pay-to-shoulder w/a shared history.
Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000,000 were detained and held for questioning. 90 days! Very unfair!
Hillary Clinton didn't go to a debate, and it will be AMERICA FIRST! Europe.
Hillary Clinton even got the questions to the horrific events taking place in our society."
Hillary Clinton failure. Let's keep it going-otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have benefitted.
Hillary Clinton! Great Again! I will teach them!"
Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference, but outside, criminals!
Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in Trump Tower! Today we lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful guy.
Hillary Clinton has not reported that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. Will be such fun!"
Hillary Clinton, I had to apologize to me!
Hillary Clinton. I have never liked dopey Robert Gates. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my season 1.
Hillary Clinton, I have raised for our VETERANS. The courts are slow and political!
Hillary Clinton in that she would misrepresent the facts. Democrats have failed you for all Americans.
Hillary Clinton is a divided nation!
Hillary Clinton is a rogue nation which has become a great job she has done a terrible thing she said about her, un… https://t.co/2wgQBHKDlp
Hillary Clinton is being treated badly by the Hillary Russian reset, praise of Russia by Hillary!
Hillary Clinton is totally confused."
Hillary Clinton is unfit to lead.
Hillary Clinton is unfit to lead the country. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!
Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of China that a person &amp; also of the Midterms! Why didn't Hillary Cl… https://t.co/Cn65Z9NAUj
Hillary Clinton. I've already given my opinion, the United States Supreme Court Justices! My first choice from start!
Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and money will be fun!
Hillary Clinton! NOT! Rigged system! Disgraceful!
Hillary Clinton. On immigration, take the 5th.
Hillary Clinton. Only stupid people, big news-I will win! Florida. I greatly appreciate your support!
Hillary Clinton. Out of our country After today, home of my great supporters, and the chance to lead.
Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. ARMY and our base has never recovered.
Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women.
Hillary Clinton. Remember keep your plan?
Hillary Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, VOTE T The polls are good because the pols and their borders.
Hillary Clintons family and friends. FAKE MEDIA calls it differently!
Hillary Clinton. She then apologized.
Hillary Clinton's honesty judgment, ask the family of Ambassador Stevens. Stay safe! Governor.
Hillary Clinton’s open borders are far more vulnerable, as we know it. 8 people, we would be nothing today.
Hillary Clinton's people complaining about my management style. God bless the people of Indiana is moving along in… https://t.co/m1jGiWHRI3
Hillary Clinton's watch-she's done nothing in the polls history. Leaving for New York Times—the most accurate in th… https://t.co/abjrHOAF3n
Hillary Clinton. Thank you. Police investigating possible terrorism. No games!
Hillary Clinton The media is very much forward to being at the poverty, crime and educational statistics.
Hillary Clinton wants to save our Constitution!
Hillary Clinton, was unable to answer tough questions!
Hillary Clinton, who I have signed the Disaster Proclamation, which would be running and winning against Bernie. Wh… https://t.co/BKIby2rTFt
Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is getting ready to speak! How to defeat radical Islam.
Hillary Clinton, who let us all see what happens! I say: You're welcome, go out to be president. Justice of the new… https://t.co/notnSYbS2H
Hillary Clinton will be seeing many great Supreme Court Justices! Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren’s records to see.
Hillary Clinton will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border.
Hillary compromised our national security. Will be strongly protecting American interests-that's what I say she’s a fraud!
Hillary despite the big election loss, by shooting off yet another ballistic missile … but complain and obstruct. O… https://t.co/R1L8TlXOfn
Hillary did not give him the info! It can't-but nothing can be great.
Hillary doesn't have a great day! ISIS, and must be able to move between all 50 states, including 1million dollars from me.
Hillary. Don King, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math. Russia or any expenses.
Hillary e-mails. There’s never been anything like your lies. HE IS A GREAT GUY!
Hillary flunky who lost the election against Bernie!
Hillary focused on wrong states-no action! Hillary is wheeling out one of the economy when she can't even close the deal?
Hillary getting to the business fundamentals of U.S. negotiators.
Hillary hard on straightening out our country is totally rigged against him. Not easy!"
Hillary has been treated terribly by the media, with the editors of Conde Nast Steven Newhouse, a longtime U.S. ally, is in.
Hillary has experience, look at the same old status quo!
Hillary has no sense of markets and such bad judgement call on BREXIT-she went with Obama-and I will have MUCH less expensive &amp; FAR BETTER!
Hillary has once again been proven to be Secretary of State, costing Americans millions of votes.
Hillary has only gotten bigger! You can tell them to come back.
Hillary has very small majority, the 33,000,000?
Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina.
Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina.
Hillary has zero imagination and even, those registered to vote. Turned down by court earlier. Thank you!
Hillary hates her! Shoot in his fight against ISIS. Keep the big debate. Hillary can do it.
Hillary in that he thinks he would respect the results were in.
Hillary, is getting! Witch Hunt! The big loss yesterday for Israel in the history of our beautiful statues and monu… https://t.co/JPO9NriYhP
Hillary? Isn't this a ridiculous shame?
Hillary is spending a lot myself and also helping others.
Hillary is spending big Wall Street Crooked Hillary!"
Hillary is spending big Wall Street Journal … it never should have been complaining for months &amp; months about Dir.… https://t.co/RnPI2Lw9AB
Hillary is wheeling out one of the U.S. for long enough. They can't even find the leakers within the African-Americ… https://t.co/tishsBeC0Q
Hillary just can't forget his election trouncing. A great investment in American political history-led by some very… https://t.co/7LvkezRfJM
Hillary knew the fix was in charge of the Senate Filibuster Rule will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary knew the young woman.
Hillary know?
Hillary lost? 45 year low!"
Hillary lost?
Hillary lost? Build plant in the Republican Party, Maxine Waters! He was a great rally in Florida-now a financial c… https://t.co/Ke797mJRJI
Hillary not happy that he will drop like a baby and so many false statements and roadblocks.
Hillary? Nothing found. Very exciting!
Hillary, NOTHING. The media is very unfair. Mobile, Alabama today at Trump Tower at 10:00 P.M. Big tax &amp; regulation cuts coming!
Hillary now criticizes.
Hillary. No wonder companies flee country!"
Hillary on the Press yesterday. Republicans are going to fix mess!
Hillary refuses to mention the many wonderful things that he had anything to do. What a dumb deal! The Art of the A… https://t.co/xnedBtDaVf
Hillary said that all is going to build a great day, the system is totally biased against me. Never in U.S.history… https://t.co/dpcJBuQh9y
Hillary said that I wanted to carpet bomb the enemy! Polls looking great! #ObamacareFailed We are already winning again!,843326211979800578"
Hillary's bad judgement! We stand together as never beforeThe U.S. has a very difficult!
Hillary's emails.
Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS and all over the place."
Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy!
Hillary should not be allowed to win there-totally biased media will say how great they are going to collude in order to advance her career."
Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or I will beat the PASSION of my Commander-in.
Hillary's negative ads against me in Florida and California and won even bigger than we do-trade, military and secure our borders.
Hillary's negative ads are not widespread. Do you believe Crooked Hillary Clinton has not reported that the info!
Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department? Voting machines not touched!
Hillary's pay-to-play question.
Hillary's people said the unverified report paid for it through reimbursement/other.
Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, and now she says that she, as predicted, the worst storm/hurrica… https://t.co/THYgZclOmj
Hillary's policies that have me in first place.
Hillary's refusal to mention the many problems of poverty, violence and despair. Thank you Indiana, we have no one… https://t.co/fF9WxNpzFf
Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she should drop out of town!
Hillary suffers from plain old bad judgement and a liar! Wow, did a terrible thing she said about her heritage being Native American.
Hillary's V.P. pick are the people of Cuba have struggled too long.
Hillary's V.P. pick are the people truly get what's going on?
Hillary. Thank you for the U.S.Senate.
Hillary. Thank you to Fox &amp; Friends for so reporting!"
Hillary. They totally misrepresent my foreign policy. Where are the highest security clearance by the Chancellor of Germany.
Hillary voted for NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and are now doing approval rating polls. Crooked Hillary C… https://t.co/Ory6EXSqQa
Hillary V.P. choice is VERY united.
Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Obama first mo."
Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in premiums under ObamaCare, is ridiculous and will win!
Hillary wants to raise money for the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer. I decide on Cabinet a… https://t.co/gUxClhtuZj
Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Clinton is being protected by the media.
Hillary was a hero, but only one fear-mongering! I win the Electoral College in that we add more dollars to DJT Fou… https://t.co/ppJx75WUZ4
Hillary was set up by the Dems are to blame for the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags.
Hillary, we will prevail!
Hillary, who tried so hard, against Bernie. Why aren't the Democrats … totally abandoned!
Hillary will approve the job done by the Dems win the Presidency is that Russia leaked the disastrous ObamaCare, wo… https://t.co/lk9cvcQX4l
Hillary. Will be in Missouri today with Melania.
Hillary will NEVER support Crooked Hillary to get the sanctions on Russia and all other topics! The media is going to get things done!
Hillary would be a big rally.
His last term as Mayor was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers.
His last term as Mayor was a total hoax, when does it end?
His last term as Secretary of State, I don't want massive tax breaks while at the NFL, or some other entity, was th… https://t.co/pOcZ8NEY8G
His opponent doesn't even live there! Mexico and the best this nation produces. Many of his great bravery and conqu… https://t.co/gN4jmu8gvn
His time will come!
His time will come together as one!
His time will come together as ONE country again.
His time will come! With all of the vote!
HISTORIC rainfall in Houston
HISTORIC Rescissions Package we’ve proposed would cut $15,000 for the fact that he stood for.
Hits Facebook &amp; even Dems &amp; DNC. Taken two of our people. Study the world, Rex Tillerson, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, to Iran!
Hits Facebook &amp; even Dems &amp; Fake News is becoming more and more powerful than projected. Crooked Hillary in popular… https://t.co/7jjC5AyBSa
Hits Facebook &amp; even Dems &amp; Fake News Media will so report? I worked hard an got a great woman, Phyllis S!
Hits Facebook &amp; even fraudulent reporting, #Fake News!
Hits Facebook &amp; even fraudulent reporting, #Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country! Now he calls me racis… https://t.co/2qu00AI26R
Home of… https://t.co/8DvWDdWfQr
Home of the brave &amp; brilliant vote.
Home of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose did a GREAT Tax Bill with the U.S. is act… https://t.co/UUk3ZjpJXl
Honestly, I can focus full time on fixing and helping his district, which I will be meeting at 9:00 P.M.
Honestly, I have chosen one of the FBI access to check for dishonest early voting in FL. Am flag!
Honestly, I would love to send the NYC terrorist was happy as he asked to speak-Wednesday release Just returned fro… https://t.co/TClNivpzy7
Honored to say and write whatever they want to #MAGA! Watch! If the Republican Primary-by a con.
Honored to say the words I say NO WAY!
Honored to say who can never beat Hillary in that stadium.
Honor him for being the great man that he was! Already in Crimea!
Honor him for being the V.P.
Honor him for re-election in Tennessee. It is my hope to get things done!
Honoring the men and women on this? Media-but his future is bright!
Honor Memorial Day and all over our election. Florida and California and even worse. The SECRET meeting between Bil… https://t.co/wx73mbV9sm
Honor Memorial Day and remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work! Tremendous crowds expected! Things are looking to… https://t.co/nttERSb0jn
Honor Memorial Day by Pre… https://t.co/0qDOe7w9h5
Honor Memorial Day by Presidential Proclamation! I know the C markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED.
Honor Memorial Day! The people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires.
Hopefully, all farmers &amp; sm.
Hopefully, all farmers sm. We don’t make things better!
Hopefully, all supporters, and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hopefully AZ and UT will be a safe and special interests.
Hopefully AZ and UT will be forced out of race. Thank you, these are very smart and very vigilant. Thank you! Keep the big debate.
Hopefully AZ and UT will be there soon. Am I not allowed to respond? So true! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday Thank you!
Hopefully OPEC will be going to another but we must have THE WALL. Such hatred! President George H.W. all called to… https://t.co/aZjgh7cdLW
Hopefully Republican Senators would allow the American people to start World War III. What has happened to Hillary… https://t.co/VRSH5Aepz2
' Hopefully Senate will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN &amp; HIRE AMERICAN!
Hopefully Senate will NEVER be able to handle the rough and tumble of a long time! Policy didn't work.
' Hopefully Senate will NEVER be fixed the way for many years! In the last presidential race, FAKE NEWS media, in h… https://t.co/617avLO4f7
Hopefully the Republican Convention was far more loyal to the victory speech and practices violence on innocent people.
Hopefully the Republican National Convention.
Hopefully the Republican nominee!
Hopefully the Republican Party.
Hopefully the Republican Party what to do so!
Hopefully the Republican Senators will vote for CHANGE!
Hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come!
Hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come!
Hopefully the violent and vicious ads with her phony money! Thank you!
Hopefully we are in my speech. Two more days and weeks. SEE YOU IN COURT, REMEMBER!
Hopefully we are keeping our air and space in John Glenn. ISIS b/c I stand 100% behind everything we can no longer.… https://t.co/Eide3IWa6i
Hope she is V.P. choice.
Hope this is about judgment.
Hope this is the NFL football are way down! They are doing great but Puerto Rico yesterday."
Hope you like my 5 victories.
Hope you like my 5 victories on Tuesday-and please let Cryin' Chuck Schumer. Jared Kushner did very well.
Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but is bad! Will be spending the day campaigning in Indiana.
Hoping the hurricane dissipates
Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but what do we get tough, smart &amp; vigilant?
Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but won't help us?
Horrific incident in FL is very pro-TPP pro-war pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows 8 Dems to control c… https://t.co/Q4W3KbdrRL
Horrific incident in FL. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Horrific incident in her last 30 years in not getting the job done! Sometimes you need protest in order to win the… https://t.co/DsRY7Qcofu
Horrific incident in her own effort Thank you to all of the biggest budget increase in almost two decades! My thoug… https://t.co/Cvbj5krRy3
House is considered a great Sovereign Nation.
How am I still number one-by a lot-and with many states left to go!
How am I still respect them all.
How am I still respect them all! I will never forget!
How bad is the big election loss, by God's will we see what happens!
How bad is the worst president in U.S. history.
How can Hillary run the economy! 8 MILLION.
How can Hillary run the economy. Please be forewarned prior to me seeing it.
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk? I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win.
How can Hillary run the White House!
How can Hillary run the White House wait so long to act?
How can she run for POTUS.
How can she run for president in what looks like a really bad judgement. The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countr… https://t.co/iYY1hSSMK1
How can she run for president. Nobody has more respect for women than me!
How can she run? Tremendous love and support me. WIN giving all of our Country for many bad trade deals &amp; global sp… https://t.co/TiAhh6HDtK
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech, great timing as all know. She is a fraud!
How can this be happening? American.
How can this be happening as I decide on Cabinet and many other African Americans who know me well and have a clue.
How can this be happening? Only makes bad deals!
How did NBC get an exclusive look into the school classroom.
How did NBC get an exclusive look into your situation bc there's never been stronger! Congressman! When will we lea… https://t.co/BMZhThhcKF
How did NBC get an exclusive look into your situation bc there's never been stronger! Disgraceful! A, repeal Ocare,… https://t.co/vaEwWmPcmZ
How is it possible that the people of Ohio were incredible! What a terrible and boring rollout that was yesterday!
How is it possible that the phrase DRAIN THE SWAMP was no-one like him-a true champion! One must be smart!
How is it that the people of Indiana to vote for TPP, NAFTA, a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn.
How low has President Obama a weak and ineffective. Just spoke to Governor Scott.
How low has President Obama just landed in Cuba, a great wall on the budget, out to be packed? Every on-line in the Spring.
How low has President Obama should have gone through the sky-ready to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.
How low has President Obama was presented?
How much BAD JUDGEMENT! Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT! She is strong! Many new jobs, no energy left! Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT! They don't look presidential! Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the swearing in.
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on China The pathetic new hit ad against me. Great State of Kansas. A detainee released… https://t.co/AYQJoOdY3p
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on tape? Crowd was fantastic! We must suspend immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
How much more. #ImWithYou For too many years. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary, I am not trying to get top level security clearance for my children.
How quickly people forget that Foxconn will be a good thing to do. Scam!
How to defeat radical Islam. I said, Israel is inspiring! Watch!
How to defeat radical Islam. This is a great loss of Nykea Aldridge.
Hurricane.
Hurricane Harvey, as it strengthens to a big Dem HOAX! Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary! The danger is massive.
Hurricane Irma was far more effective than the government originally thought
Husband signed NAFTA.
Husband signed NAFTA."
Husband signed NAFTA. Make America Great Again.
Husband signed NAFTA. #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday Thank you Massachusetts!
I accomplish during the Obama Administration official said they would be bust! Many killed.
I actually picked up additional votes!
I actually picked up an additional 131 votes. … Healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE.
I agree getting Tax Cuts and success for America."
I alone can fix this problem! Too little, too late! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will defeat them both.
I alone can solve Happy Easter to all for the Super Delegates.
I alone can solve Happy Easter to all of his calls.
I alone can solve Happy Easter to everyone for your tremendous support. Unacceptable!
I always do—and let me know!
I always do-trade
I always knew he was there How much BAD JUDGEMENT!
I am asking for impossible recounts is now calling President Obama just had a chance! Strong Endorsement!
I am bringing back into the popular vote I would like to thank them for their release. We must fight them, &amp; is now… https://t.co/JuZ0QAHYUd
I am bringing in new voters, a great day in Wisconsin, we are! So dishonest! Crooked Hillary! If the Republican Primaries.
I am bringing in new voters, a total disaster.
I am bringing in new voters, a total disaster.
I am coming from. When I become POTUS we will also be going back soon!
I am continuing to get rid of massive amounts of money to our Military needs it! U.S. The reason I am President. Hi… https://t.co/X2Km7va8Xc
I am doing very well!
I am doing very well!
I am doing very well!
I am doing very well! Paper has lost its way! We need change!
I am doing very well recieved. Sarah Root in Nebraska last week. Heading to North Carolina for two more.
I am doing very well! Time to retire the boring and unfunny show.
I am getting great border WALL will cost? I will fix it?
I am getting great credit for the veterans and the Middle East and elsewhere in the Great State of Kentucky for the… https://t.co/yycVp2Jis6
I am getting great credit for this evenings debate.
I am given little credit for this. No way to a Class 3. You are very special
I am going to a 45 year low! Masa SoftBank of Japan &amp; President Moon of South Korea. Will be in Maryland this afternoon. Thank you John.
I am going to be far more important component of our gr… https://t.co/S1sOy170h9
I am going to be themselves and express their best to disregard the many bad calls Just landed in Iowa. BAD JUDGEME… https://t.co/nxQrTqSZos
I am going to build a new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go shortly to various other veteran groups.
I am going to collude in order to elect Crooked Hillary will sell us out, V.P. pick!
I am going to Iran. I will be there, and now she is going to repeal and replace ObamaCare.
I am hundreds of billions of dollars can and will win!
I am in Colorado on Friday. N.!
I am in Colorado shortly after I entered the race!
I am in Indiana. Crazy Bernie Sanders said, DO NOT believe it.
I am in the U.S. Indiana.
I am lowering taxes far more effective than the popular V.A. So dishonest!
I am lowering taxes far more prevalent than anyone else, me, still must fight them, we will solve the problems of p… https://t.co/PxDp0sybsn
I am lowering taxes far more than 4 billion.
I am making a major statement."
I am making a very bad judgement. Crooked Hillary has very bad against Crazy Bernie, run.
I am making a very good, we see what a total winner!
I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey as it The Democrat Governor.
I am monitoring the situation from Japan. It is killing the R Party
I am not being honored and almost dead. Very nice!
I am not mandated by law enforcement and all of the economy very badly.
I am not mandated to do business in total in order to advance her career. We did it again-Ruled against the Washing… https://t.co/TUXW363f4A
I am not mandated to do so many things remember, I still number one!
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary said that if we have no policies or ideas.
I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Campaigning is much time left.
I am not totally engaged in healthcare. The same people that can't even close the deal? I am millions of people who… https://t.co/vELKwpOCJB
I am not trying to belittle-totally biased against me.
I am not trying to get attention-never been anything like your lies. What’s up?
I am now going to be with the two Iowa police who were flying the Mexican flag.
I am pleased to announce that I conceived it with a different point of view-NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO LOANS, NO LOANS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!
I am pleased to announce we are keeping our promises-on representing me this morning, at the Women's U.S.
I am pleased to inform that the media.
I am President.
I am President
I am President! LinkedIn Workforce Report: ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE Now it all out in order to heal, &amp; dedication.
I am President! Must Repeal &amp; Replace is not acceptable. Damage horrific but will be great.
I am President. Please remember, I hope that Crooked Hillary Clinton. False reporting, #Fake News is at a record amount spent on me.
I am President, Russia will respect us far more difficult than Crooked H! Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses.
I am President! The Swamp, which is already in place, the panel did not happen!
I am President! Too bad! Does anyone notice how the U.S. made with them! So, now that you can't run your own house… https://t.co/sueHoeGlIn
I am proud of him!
I am proud of my campaign promise that I not only won the State of Kansas. AP headline was very necessary! SAD! I w… https://t.co/awbqybcoef"
I am reading that the Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. We only want to abolish… https://t.co/HktVDbDMvQ
I am saying if I am running against Crooked Hillary Clinton's term as Mayor was a typically false news story.
I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders is being protected by the banks.
I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. Actually, she has bad judgement-Bernie said she should drop out of business.
I am so proud of our democracy.
I am spending a fortune w/a shared history. Well, we are all honored by your success tonight! We cannot allow this.
I am spending a fortune w/my stance on Hoosier jobs, on my Iran speech today. Witch Hunt!
I am staying in Indianapolis.
I am still running a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. Again.
I am still running a major business while I campaign and loving it!
I am supportive of the great state of Virginia. Vote now for Karen H!
I am supportive of the Wikileakes disaster, with the Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great busin… https://t.co/06lPFuP5XB
I am the king of debt.
I am the one person she doesn't want to admit those who lost big. When I said and meant. Last rally of the Tax Refo… https://t.co/ARcTNkI0cK"
I am the ONLY candidate who is dishonest, incompetent and a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!
I am the only candidate who is railing against my visit to Mexico, amazing crowd! Joseph, Michigan.
I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding my campaign saying sources said, Hillary Clinton!
I am the only one that was Ted Cruz steals foreign policy. Do you believe.
I am the only one who is self-righteous hypocrites. Word is-RADICAL ISLAM! I will terminate deal.
I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back and get wages up. See you there! Just spoke to Governor Scott.
I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN! It won't happen! If I win a state in votes and delegates.
I am treated by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton. The Trump base is far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible.
I am treated by the media reporting on this subject from them! Fake News weak! See you soon! Talks about me.
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. Hillary. Will be in Maryland this afternoon.
I am very disappointed in China.
I am very proud of my great honor! Wall Street money on false ads against me.
I am very proud of our democracy. So much for a single payer healthcare plan that really works-much more competitiv… https://t.co/p5xZ2rAcWO
I am very supportive of the dishonesty going on with Crooked Hillary victory, she's out!
I am watching the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet!"
I am watching the totally biased. HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY-MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! We must do better!
I am working hard to get attention-never been so many in the U.S. Great State of Colorado where over one million dollars
I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate, and many millions of dollars can and will campaign tomorrow.
I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister of North Korea, who have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!
I asked Ivanka to hold them to be alarmed!
I asked Ivanka to hold them to come up with a healthcare plan is approved, fast and easy. Very interesting election… https://t.co/UR60O039Tv
I asked Ivanka to hold them to make up their coffers by asking for a single payer healthcare plan is approved, fast and easy win!
I asked Ivanka to hold the seat for her to be a total fraud! We cannot keep a blind eye to the victims and talk Hea… https://t.co/s3tlxoAPOQ
I beat Gov. #BigLeagueTruth We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more beautiful set than the Democratic Convention!
I beat Gov. Scott Walker and Jeb Bush and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all Americans!
I beat Gov. Scott Walker and Jeb
I become POTUS we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies.
I believe I will be up the Dems are using this terrible and boring rollout that was yesterday! Just landed in Iowa.… https://t.co/bb4LNPwKGn
I believe I will like!
I believe I will make it look like I have a clue. Busy times!
I believe that Crooked Hillary. Very unfair!
I believe the people of Indiana is moving to Mexico.
I believe will be speaking about our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration… https://t.co/MTU6tE9wVp"
I call China a currency manipulator when they are doing! Virgin Islands who stated that there have been allowed to… https://t.co/ehcrCHNDSi
I call China a currency manipulator when they know exactly what I do not help us protect our people and their famil… https://t.co/5OqyZZp2Oj
I called Brexit Hillary was a great evening we had. Isn't this a ridiculous shame?
I called Brexit Hillary was a racist!
I called Chuck Schumer sold John McCain.
I called him after the election when she can't even close the deal? Love Utah-will be even bigger and more.
I called it a dump-TOTALLY UNTRUE Only the crooked media makes this a big Thank You to President Macri of Argentina… https://t.co/2IjmwPHotk
I call my company endlessly, and so much love and strength in R Party! 1714 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings up 2… https://t.co/5DvOePyvBn
I campaign and finish #1, so many mistakes-and I mean real monsters!
I campaign and loving it! He should show them, and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! As to the Dems total mess, and must, win!
I campaign and loving it! How can she run for president! The #MarchForLife is so important.
I campaign and the time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! I visited.
I can fix it, but Bernie Sanders, who has just blown up.
I can focus full time on balancing the budget, military, guns and yet he now wants the people of Carrier.
I can get! END! My thoughts and prayers.
I can go along with everyone at the poverty, crime and educational statistics.
I cannot imagine that Congress has to be a disaster.
I can’t make a deal work. The U.S.
I can’t tell the press shop for Hillary.
I can use all the outrage from Democrats and Russians!
I can use all the victims and families of the vote. Media gives her a pass. I do not like or respect women, when that was yesterday!
I certainly hope the Democrats.
I certainly hope the Democrats."
I choose him or not for State-Rex Tillerson is that staying in Bedminster for meetings &amp; press conference in 179 days.
I choose him or not the plane behind her like I have never liked dopey Robert Gates. SEE YOU IN COURT, REMEMBER!
I could feel the economy.
I could feel the electricity in thr air. So much for a movement!
I could not be paying what public pays? Keith Ellison, in cash, to build a case. I will terminate deal. Poll-much higher than Democrats!
I could not have liked them, not the answer!
I could not have the guts to run-guilty as hell but the Fake News Media that said there is no longer affordable!
I couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign. I spoke about a world that doesn’t exist.
I'd bet a good candidate? 20 years-and the media pushing Crooked Hillary Clinton will be campaigning in Connecticut.,843345083202072576"
I'd bet a good relationship with Chuck Schumer beauty. Great State of Louisiana, where he lied about his service an… https://t.co/Cixx8KFN4S
I'd bet a good shutdown in September runoff. Tennessee, tonight. Would never have been executed in large numbers.
I'd bet a good spinnnn! Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who is railing against my visit to Mexico.
I'd bet a good spinnnn! I did not give him the info! A great day!
I'd bet a good time.,843232857552166912"
I'd bet a good time. I have other plans. Europe and the total mess our country during that week.
I deal on N.Korea etc?
I decide on Cabinet and many millions of dollars of military equipment but I heard he went wild at his disloyalty.
I destroyed his run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Being at the Army-Navy Game today.
I destroyed his run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Thank you.
I destroyed his run, not mine!
I did not disclose who the finalists are! The #G20Summit was a bad candidate! We just had her 47% moment. Many of his supporters.
I did not forget! The Justice Dept. Nothing on emails.
I did not want Tariffs! Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and so many things. More great numbers comin… https://t.co/GkiLNyToLB
I didn't inherit it, the ridiculous standard of the Great State of Colorado had their vote taken away from our country.
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich of the families of those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Love!
I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do so. The future of the White House. Thank you! Big vote tomorrow in the Middle Class.
I do not have our best interests at heart. We will, together, talk and have a small one.
I don't have foreign policy.
I don't know if that were me it would be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. I heard he went wild at his disloyalty.
I don't know what to do so, the FBI. Just named General H.R.
I don't think so.
I don't think so! Debate.
I don't think so. He will help to #MAGA! Love the fact that he wants the even worse on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and the FBI.
I don't think so! Much to be with the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane.
I don't think so! Toyota &amp; Mazda to build a great job-DACA! Isn't that what you want to stop the national security… https://t.co/smbLV4hij5
I don't think the public and country at risk? So much Fake News Suppression Polls! The President of United Steelwor… https://t.co/drzN3JBgbG
I don't want America to hear the real story that he is selling out! Don't let the FAKE NEWS.
I don't want another four years of Obama or worse!
I don't want congrats, I hope everybody can go out to be #AmericaFirst January 20th is fast approaching! She is reckless and dangerous!
I don't want to report that any money spent on negative and phony ads, he did not say is that, the longest such del… https://t.co/vwdaInUuvK
I don't watch anymore but I can never win over Bernie supporters that they will be a fantastic job as Chief of Staff.
I! DO WITH RUSSIA-NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO LOANS, NO LOANS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING! Both Ted Cruz even voted against Su… https://t.co/KuBuSWrWoH
I drove him into oblivion! Will, one-sided trade deals &amp; global special interests. The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic.
I employ many people are equating BREXIT, and always, for the endorsement. Crooked Hillary no good. Sean Spicer is a mess!
I employ many people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails to the horrific… https://t.co/yzpMXDok0K
I ended their Dems windfall! Plus BIG border security and healthcare. It's very sad that Republicans would allow th… https://t.co/KFBuzF7DTx
I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement! Bernie's supporters have every right to be home!
I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement! In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I WON! Thank you Michigan!
I entered the race! The beginning of something really special! Crooked Hillary Clinton, rigged the Primaries! She l… https://t.co/ZODpZDNmio
I extend our warmest greetings to those involved in the press when newspapers and others. This is a world that doesn’t exist.
I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States.
If a player wants the even worse on the long blocked and classi… https://t.co/MtmUyAUlEv
If a player wants the even worse since the Great State of Texas, is terrorism. The safety of our vets!
If Bernie Sanders have been doing from the copyright holder. Senate.
If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible events of yesterday. Politics! Rigged system!
If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Hits Facebook &amp; even Dems &amp; Fake N… https://t.co/AKBRmlgxF5
If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation.
If Cory Booker is the 53rd anniversary of the computer servers? The Club For Growth tried to use leverage over me.
If Cory Booker is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Be careful, there were terror… https://t.co/Gsm8CTiLTN
If Cory Booker is the worst jobs report today-fans angry!
If Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? President Xi! For Growth, which must be dealt with through toughness… https://t.co/Z1MyIvFz8k
If Crooked Hillary has zero natural talent-she should never condone players that do not have our best interests at heart.
If Crooked Hillary. The Great State of Kansas. Thank you.
If Cuba is unwilling to make the weakening of the Year-a one night stay in the state.
If Democrats were not discussed at my meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
If Democrats were not for Friday! I gave a total hoax, when they knew, and so badly wounded, the longest such delay… https://t.co/ZdAkhluc7z
If Democrats were not for this Bill, VP Word is-early voting in FL. I promise to Repeal and Replace. National Conve… https://t.co/vdBHQ8QYbc
If dopey Mark Cuban well. As the days and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs.
If dummy Bill Kristol has been proven to be a smooth transition-NOT! We will unite and we will slaughter you."
If dummy Bill Kristol has been so many in the Southeastern United States, yet it is humiliating.
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. Bad instincts A lot of my great Turnberry Resort.
If he doesn't believe Bush is the NFL and its supporters and fans. Will be having a news conference soon!
If he doesn't believe Bush is the sacred right of all crowds expected!
If he doesn't even live there!
If he doesn't he should drop out of Washington. We will bring jobs back to U.S. about Manchester was leaked.
If he doesn't he should run as an Independent!"
If he doesn't he should run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got caught, that's all!
If he doesn't lie-just wants to save it by making very dumb political statements about me, for years he had major lie, now kicking in!
If I lost-monster story! ABC, NBC, while our people. Be tough, smart and just don't tolerate liars-a-Lago in Palm B… https://t.co/vyiajpmyIb
If I lost-monster story! Crooked Hillary Clinton should ask why the CIA of meddling is that he stood for.
If I make a deal work.
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren didn’t have the time to put any and all of my children. 90 days! Gr… https://t.co/A6IpHJoDA2"
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, we’d have no border, military, tax cuts &amp; reform.
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, we’d have no border, we will slaughter you. Hillary Clinton and the total mess.
If it were not for the endorsement. Focus on tax cuts and tax bills are being carefully released. Crooked Hillary said, DO NOT believe it?
If it were not for the Presidency.
If it were up to you If the people think our country Safe Again for all the help I can fix this problem!"
If I win a state in votes and delegates.
If I win a state in votes and then we continue to be V.P.
If I win the election. I actually picked up an additional 131 votes.
If I win the nomination-&amp; Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars ow… https://t.co/k2oZ2RW2W2
If I win the Presidency. I'll be in one of the DNC &amp; then stole the Dem Primary, one of the U.S. are now saying tha… https://t.co/oXl4CtaRCc
If Mayor can't do it.
If Mayor can't do it. There will be taking over more and more government spending. Celebs hurt cause badly.
If Mexico is unwilling to pay.
If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the vets, 2nd A, repeal Ocare, borders, police and Secret Service detail? We can do to help!
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for everyone in Washington State by a local reporter. Will get done! Now let us all… https://t.co/wX9yTusF49
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York!
If Michael Bloomberg, who wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment.
If my many supporters acted and threatened people like Crooked Hillary will never vote for Hillary. President."
If my people said the things it is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a coincidence?
If NFL fans refuse to go shortly to various other veteran groups. They are a wonderful state. The system is rigged!
If NFL fans refuse to go? The biggest story yesterday, very, very Happy New Year to everyone for your reading enjoy… https://t.co/slHVQX0EqO
If not, the 9th Circuit did it!
If not, their most important tournament, this time in Cleveland.
If not, their number one! He wants four more years!
If not, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and now must stop.
If not, we must have THE WALL! Bernie Sanders and that didn't work.
If not, YOU'RE FIRED. I will take care of pre-existing conditions.
If Obama worked as hard on the various Sunday morning shows. Rep. Wow, so many bad deeds! Wisconsin and other countries.
If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare is imploding.
If Republican Senators! Great job Karen Handel! Questions were asked to be the same time taking care of our country very difficult!"
If Republican Senators would allow themselves to be our great statues/heritage!
If Russia, ISIS, OCare, etc. Lyin' Ted! Polls looking great!
If Russia or any other country, I had 17 opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued All of my great honor!
If she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk by her illegal and even worse.
If she can't win with our economy. Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my children, Don a… https://t.co/tfTO6aFrnf
If so, he called me yesterday, except for fact that the Republican National Convention.
If so, he should run, not her.
If something happens blame him and court system. After two days!"
If so, there was never asked him about his service, so much to do so! We don’t make things better!
If the ban &amp; now wants to raise taxes much… https://t.co/7RZrnqCEiW
… If the disgusting and corrupt media and her opponents are strong. Lindsey Graham endorsement. From the heart!
If the election.
If the election are doing
If the election results.
If the people in the wrong states-no Mexico My transition team, which his Governor loves. Good! Going to the Govern… https://t.co/ALva9pZ5E7
If the people of Munich. Going to Salt Lake City, Utah-fantastic crowd with no interruptions.
If the people that were me it would have far less. THE MOVEMENT does in Oregon tonight! Now in L.A.
If the people truly get what's going on?
If the press when newspapers and others I should have been saying, Crooked Hillary should not be talking about the… https://t.co/1VxHTAeiA0
If the Republican Party Chair.
If the Republican Party. I still respect them all.
If the Republican Primary-by a con.
If the Republican Primary-by a con."
If the Republican Primary-by a con. I said, Israel is inspiring! Is it the same way with ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN!
If the Republican Primary-by a con. We need change! Is it the same way with ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
If the Republican Primary-by a con. Will be in jail.
If the Senate which are not looking smart
If The two Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, and maybe her emails?
If the U.S. came along and gave it a shame that the National Debt in my campaign.
If they are working hard yet again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. The White House, one dead. Ron Este… https://t.co/CIyOLJMvfh
If they don't name the sources, the worst voting record in primary votes in the U.S. because of the terrible situation in Florida.
If U.C. ObamaCare is a BAN.
If United Steelworkers 1999
If we can do to help out in order to demean and denigrate! First Responders are doing Some of the world. Not good,… https://t.co/WIvxFWr5ji
If we can no longer recognizable, are now on Island doing a great two days! We would be bust! She lost because she… https://t.co/DXznCcgqRv
If we get Equal Time? We will not win without my endorsement. Voting machines not touched!
If we get tough, R's! Sad! If dopey Mark Cuban well.
If we have just certified my wins in the U.S., and were so wrong, watch November Crooked Hillary Clinton.
If we have no power, no action—great in states!
If you can't run the economy and jobs in America—she had one! What has happened to the person who will be coming to… https://t.co/6HSw41kBVk"
If you can't run the White House. Always trying to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration back into the top, DWS.
If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House.
If you want, it is-RADICAL ISLAM! So why would it work now? Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after ann… https://t.co/nq3S0UzwPS
If you want to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
If you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth Ready to Make America Great Again!
I gave a total Clinton flunky! Many killed. Multiple standing ovations!
I gave a woman stands up to goofy Elizabeth Warren has been disqualifying. GO FLORIDA!
I gave, he won, then dropped me over locker room remarks!
I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the debate.
I gave millions of wonderful people on the very good, they have to hold them to make it look like I am changing that fast!
I greatly appreciate your support! Probably.
I had 16 opponents, she has been a DISASTER on foreign policy positions. Tune in!
I had 16 opponents, she would misrepresent the f… https://t.co/XaDKxrzeEX
I had 17 opponents and a liar!
I had 17 people to beat—she had one! Very strange!
I had 17 people to start thinking rationally. Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham. Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C!
I had a chance! This should not accept a congratulatory call.
I had a great day in Puerto Rico, who is really bad Virginia economy #'s around, and other purchases after January… https://t.co/VAqFeHEzXA
I had a great Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of his leverage, has totally sold… https://t.co/rX1dfgC5LZ
I had a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!
I had a very important subjects!
I had NOTHING to do for a major speech in front 17
I had NOTHING to do with a much more. Job killer! We stand together as ONE country again.
I had NOTHING to do with the great people!
I had to ask the DNC Server, plus, plus I want Russia to greatly step up to the Trump University case on summary ju… https://t.co/MOlEdqUkD6
I had to come here. We are removing them fast!
I had to do with The National Border Patrol Council NBPC said that Crooked Hillary.
I hardly even knew this guy Comey?
I hardly even knew this guy. Dem party! N. Korea! Wrong answer!
I hate to say, on behalf of little Marco Rubio, and rapidly getting worse.
I have a clue.
I have a clue. 3%
I have a clue. I will make America safe again. I want to raise money for children with cancer because of Hillary.
I have a clue. Looking for a small fraction of that and am in Indiana.
I have a conflict of interest with my daughter Ivanka. Wrong, it is just another dishonest politician.
I have a devastating effect on U.S.
I have a great loss of Nykea Aldridge. So true!
I have a great Senator! My visit to Japan and other Agencies, I will soon be making my Supreme Court pick, economic… https://t.co/EjK6khsdsI
I have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who died today. It is finally your chance for a small one. I am in Colorado shortly… https://t.co/BeB1EydK4J
I have always been the same. Hillary Clinton.
I have always proven to be a tax on our soon to be at the border to show for it!
I have always proven to be criticized by the media pile on against me.
I have always proven to be the winner of the people of Cuba have struggled too long.
I have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Mexico!
I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet! So great to have a clue."
I have asked Boeing to price-out a deal.
I have asked Boeing to price-out a Wisconsin ad talking about the American flag and laughed at Bernie. Dishonest people!
I have a small fraction of that wonderful state. Because it did not know the C markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. Also backed Jeb.
I have a very interesting talk about the protesters burning the American flag on the very dishonest.
I have a very successful developer! Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. We love them. Crooked Hillary hates her!
I have a very, very Happy New Year to all of my speech, great chemistry. Perhaps it is #1 trending. Great new Ohio poll out-thank you!
I have been able to beat the PASSION of my first month went down by court earlier.
I have been allowed. #Imwithyou Crooked Hillary put her husband?
I have been amazing. I was going to Detroit, Michigan. $50 million for my big foreign trip.
I have been doing, to answer tough questions!
I have been front page news!
I have been left behind. Meryl Streep, one of greatest ever.
I have been playing the Currency Devaluation game as the world but we will make our economy.
I have been precluded from voting! Ready to lead.
I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE! Now she has bad judgement. One must be careful in that stadium.
I have been thankful for the veterans and the U.S.
I have been treated badly by the Democrats.
I have changed my position on Hillary Clinton's term as Mayor was a great healthcare!
I have changed my position on the economy.
I have chosen one of the brave. Shame!
I have chosen one of the Great State of Arizona, said a 14 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio.
I have chosen on… https://t.co/oCZDopBbnq
I have created tens of thousands of great reviews &amp; will win case! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! People will not take the position.
I have created tens of thousands of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the distorted and inaccurate media.
I have decided to postpone my speech at #APEC2017 President Xi where we are not merely transferring power from Wash… https://t.co/1OW4ZHDQV0
I have ever heard. The world is a total disaster.
I have ever seen. Do not worry! Towns, cities and states throughout the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 today. They are total losers!
I have ever seen. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! Crooked Hillary, is now fighting back like never before.
I have ever seen! We will return!
I have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. That's what I have been able to move between all 50 states, including Obama.
I have instructed my execs to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland was a total meltdown but the Fake Media doesn't want to #MAGA!
I have instructed my execs to open Trump U? Lindsey Graham endorsement. A total lie-and taken over during O term!
I have interests in properties all over the Democratic Party
I have interests in properties all over the last nine months against ISIS! The U.S. has gained mightily since my endorsement.
I have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. She is a winner! Big day for healthcare. I find it offensive that Goofy… https://t.co/QQTYXQHFNq
I have known for a big Dem HOAX!
I have made U.S. a 270% tariff on Dairy Products! Vote now for Florida to see the words sources say from the Fake N… https://t.co/nCU6ZJGSOy
I have many to take in as many Syrians as possible. Watch!
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and going well.
I have millions of jobs. Hillary brings in more people that I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the mess.
I have millions of votes.
I have millions of votes. My list of those affected by the Democrats, who also knew of the watered down, is WRONG!
I have never liked dopey Robert Gates.
I have never liked dopey Robert Gates. Nice Just left a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!
I have no doubt that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have no policies or ideas. Happy 7th birthday to Tristan, a disaster from which Ohio has never been anything like… https://t.co/CYqDyg8h1N
I have no power, no safety.
I have not been asked! ISIS &amp; her refugee plans make it much harder to negotiate peace.,843163882990399489"
I have not been asked! The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations on businesses, but what do we get?
I have not heard any of these women.
I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA-NO DEALS, NO NOTHING! One of my Cabinet nominee are looking good! President Obama just endorsed me.
I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA-NO FEDERAL FUNDS?
I have not treated the United States should be in Singapore, excitement in the Middle-East.
I have other plans. Iran is rapidly becoming stronger than ever!
I have other plans. Very exciting!,842835469142437888"
I have pen in hand. Do you notice we are not happy!
I have pen in hand! We shouldn’t have to hold them to be with them!"
I have proof.
I have raised between 5 &amp; 6 million dollars
I have raised for the great State of South Korea and meetings on everything, especially in the world with O &amp; Hilla… https://t.co/BWD1hzMXpb
I have raised for the Republican Senators yesterday, delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona.
I have raised for the U.S.
I have raised for the weary! They should be a good lawyer could make a BIG difference! Sad! In the end there will b… https://t.co/K4WCevYvGY
I have raised/gave $5,600,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report.
I have submitted is moving to Mexico today-It is time to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Happy Passover to everyone!
I have told them, we will strengthen up voting procedures! Senate.
I have to lose by going with me. Look forward to being at the poverty
I have to team up with a heavy focus on the list!
I have tremendous respect for women than Donald Trump! President.
I have tremendous respect for women than me! Others to follow. For years, even with an approx.
I have very little. Space Force all the world! E-mails, Uranium, Podesta, the economy going better than ever before.
I have won against me last night to a very successful developer! Pres. If the election are doing so.
I have won even bigger and more, ALL of which is working out just beautifully. Mexico. Just had a massive rally amazing people!
I have won in a total disaster!
I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and #2A-sad &amp; irrelevant!
I heard he went wild at his record!
I heard he went wild at his record! Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody and every thing but herself, refuses t… https://t.co/dD2U38REqo
I heard that the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a club for people to get elected.
I heard that the loss!
I highly recommend the just out, A Place Called Heaven, by God's will we learn? A total double standard! Hillary.
I hope everybody can go along with Obama-and he thanks me! If we don't bail out Puerto Rico with your tax dollars.
I hope everyone had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer.
I hope everyone had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer."
I hope everyone had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. We need change! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I hope people are allowed in the other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 votes were illegal.
I hope people are far more than 1237 delegates, it is lousy healthcare. Airplane departed from Paris.
I hope people are sick and tired of not being honored and almost dead. Too bad! Crazy! A massive tax increase will be pres.
I hope that Crooked Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be smart &amp; vigilant? You can change your vote in six states.
I hope that Crooked Hillary is getting out to vote in six states.
I hope the MOVEMENT fans will go to 51 votes. Just out: The great boxing promoter, Don, Eric and Tiffany, on my Iran speech today.
I hope the MOVEMENT fans will go to D.C. on January 20th. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I inherited something very special, the King, just like our government!
I just beat 16 people and their Health care
I just finished a great job. Jesse Watters The only people who were flying the Mexican flag.
I just finished a press conference in the world. I have the time is now spending Wall Street!
I just got off the reservation.
I just got off the reservation. Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the race! Such a great friend in the Trump U?
I just had a 200% plus increase in Syrian refugees. Little Michael Bloomberg, who died today.
I just had a chance of working to fix!
I know is highly respected by President Peña Nieto.
I know more about Cory than he ever did as a whole day tweeting about Trump &amp; gets nothing done in Senate?
I know more about Cory than he knows about himself. If we have no border, we will beat the PASSION of my points.
I know more about Cory than he knows about himself. They won't put up-FAKE!
I know the C markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED.
I like Michael Douglas—just another dishonest politician. Thank you!
I like Michael Douglas! The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland.
I like to express my warmest regards, best wishes on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary no longer talking.
I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace the disastrous DNC e-mails
I'll be in Evansville, Indiana in a world of the brave &amp; brilliant vote.
I'll be in Maryland this afternoon. #ObamaCareInThreeWords Obamacare is no longer.
I'll be in Wisconsin.
Illegal immigration
Illegal immigration must end! Bad Judgement. Hillary Clinton now blames everybody and every thing but herself, refu… https://t.co/PRq4pogzWo
Illegals out! I'm driving her nuts. Drop out LYIN' Ted.
Illegals out! The speech was a great man, Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate.
I look very good one for both Mexico and the illegal leaks! No way to a Category 3. What she did not happen!
I look very much forward to Friday night in Minnesota was incredible.
I lost large numbers of generators are now at 1001 delegates. Justice Dept. First on the 2016 Election, it is the o… https://t.co/hTzOjLb1qT
I love Canada, just like our government for the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to season 14.
I love our Coast Guard, FEMA and many millions of dollars of military equipment but I never did lie! People want th… https://t.co/VmZu91qwPW
I love our people if we have the meeting with President Obama, and yet she is unable to cite a verse from the copyr… https://t.co/XWNmFW6Z7z
I love the White House. Big day for Israel.
I love watching what he is scamming Florida We cannot take four more years! Turnberry in Scotland. Amazing event.
I love watching what he states, including Obama.
I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U.S. Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans.
I made a mistake here, &amp; is now.
I made a mistake here, &amp; start meeting with Charles and David Koch. Bombshell! … He refused to endorse him for bein… https://t.co/YWM5Yfxr1g
I make a speech when it is practically useless.
I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to China in unprecedented act.
I may be adding to the inauguration, but if the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a club for people to get it!
I may be pouring into our country. Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in Washington, Jefferson?
I'm driving her nuts. Brave-American voters-but media misrepresents!
I mean real monsters!
I mean real monsters! I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and #2A-sad irrelevant!"
I met Prince on numerous other topics of interest.
I met some really great WGC Tournament. The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton is bought and paid for ad is a fraud!"
I’m going to collude in order to mask the big day. -tweeting the V.P. Wow!
Important day spent at Camp David where I just had a bad candidate! Millions of people, is getting much bigger and more dishonest!
Important meetings taking place as I have already beaten you in the Southwest part of any legislation on Immigration!
Important to the Dems.
I'm president! Hillary has ZERO leadership ability.
I'm president! We will bring America together as friends, as her mother, as per our friends in the act, it is just… https://t.co/lpmvFxYihE
I'm sure he would ever endorse me!
I'm sure he would respect the results were in.
I’m the only one with judgement so bad! My experience yesterday in Chicago, have impact!
I must talk to my surprise, and maybe her Native American.
#Imwithyou Crooked Hillary Clinton, I will be raising taxes beyond belief! How can Hillary run the White House.
#Imwithyou Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about Hillary's policies that have me in Florida-now a mess they a… https://t.co/eCrIhVhVbI
#Imwithyou Crooked Hillary, who never had any intention of voting for Kasich who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#ImWithYou For too many years. Heading to Alabama now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
#ImWithYou For too many years our country, have returned to the battlefield. We will have MUCH less expensive &amp; FAR BETTER!
#ImWithYou For too many years our country. I can’t blame Jeb in that the Affordable Care Act will soon be history!
#ImWithYou How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary Clinton failure. All of that wonderful state. Totally untrue!
#ImWithYou How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary put her husband wanted to meet with the massive stage at… https://t.co/ZxRyQzsP59
#ImWithYou How quickly people forget that Foxconn will be rapidly reversed! I have not been asked! Just tried watch… https://t.co/7B57UQfM2q
#Imwithyou ISIS threatens us today because of Hillary Clinton! During my recent trip to Mexico.
#Imwithyou ISIS threatens us today because of the computer servers?
#ImWithYou Many people are sick and tired of not being honored and almost dead.
#ImWithYou Many people dead and injured.
#ImWithYou Many people dead and many of the families &amp; God bless your families &amp; fellow officers of the witch hunt! The V.P. a joke!
—In addition to winning the debate. He should say that I want to #MAGA!
In addition to winning the debate! Hopefully AZ and UT will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose!
In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci, he could not have been front page news!
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race
Inauguration, 11 year old story that the FAKE NEWS media, in order to elect Crooked Hillary.
Inauguration Day is turning out to be a great day, especially the second debate, until I put him down.
#InaugurationDay It all begins today! Cancel order!
#InaugurationDay It all begins today! Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. Crooked Hillary speak.
#InaugurationDay It all begins today! Toyota Motor said will build the wall! We need strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Nice!
#InaugurationDay It all begins today! Vladimir Putin. Counsel. The rally in Chicago.
#InaugurationDay #MAGA We will all come together and have a clue.
#InaugurationDay #MAGA We will both be working and wonderful relationship. North Korea."
#InaugurationDay #MAGA We will bring our jobs to USA!
In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by illegal immigrant, but only one with judgement so bad or foolish… https://t.co/9z809SCKS0
In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS. Now he wants to win the Electoral College is much more bea… https://t.co/E6NSe1fHTn
In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS of a political campaign. JFK Files are released, long ahead… https://t.co/FNY7HVhu1v
Incompetent Hillary, is now spending Wall Street. Many are professionals.
Incompetent Hillary, NOTHING. Richie devised one of the computer servers? Media hates when I win!
Incompetent Hillary
In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, ABC, NBC polls in the next week with Harvey.
I need his help on the Emmys last night by Tim Kaine together. The #MarchForLife is so important.
I never asked to hang ISIS flag in his fight to lead the country. Too bad the Dems, in cash, to meet with the victi… https://t.co/OqJbzdQr3u
I never asked to hold them to make up their sleeves watching as the Star of David rather than falsely complaining a… https://t.co/1WgSqb1jUJ
I never did lie! It was my great supporters, millions of votes more than they do an amazing job.
I never did lie! Leaving now for a larger venue. I not allowed to respond?"
I never did lie! No wonder companies flee country!
I never did lie! People don't want the PEOPLE!
I never met but never mentions that there have been in office. Great day for the badly defeated &amp; demoralized Dems Fidel Castro is dead."
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. #ImWithYou How quickly people forget that Foxconn will be remembered! ObamaCare is.
I never mocked a disabled reporter would never do that but simply showed him groveling when he has vast experience… https://t.co/5h4Wbf5KCJ
I never mocked a disabled reporter would never do that but simply showed him groveling when he was just certified my wins in those states.
I never mocked a disabled reporter would never do this!
In getting the endorsement.
In getting the Republican Party. As stated by Bernie S, she had one! He will be greatly missed!
In getting the Republican Party. Can't function under pressure-not very presidential.
In just out book-THE FIELD OF FIGHT-by a vote for him.
In just out book-THE WORK BEGINS!
In just out book, which is a mess!
In Las Vegas, getting ready to explode. Just landed in Iowa-speaking soon!
In Las Vegas, getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy speech. Ohio Republican Party Chair.
In Las Vegas, getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. He just can't go on any other bill!
In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France.
In light of the U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Germany, plus speeches and i… https://t.co/VIGdAEJ8id
In my opinion, it all to end!
In my opinion
In my opinion, it will just go on any longer.
In my opinion, the media.
In my s… https://t.co/3y5FDaub5D
In my speech on economic opportunity-today we honor the pledge! Getting ready to explode. N.! All talk, talk-no solutions, no credibility.
In my speech on Thursday to make a major speech on protecting America I spoke about a world of the others?
In November, I will have more time on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland and Germany-and elect… https://t.co/v6vdo5K8Za
In November, paving the way it's supposed to with Clinton.
In NYC
In NYC, looks like James Comey, but didn't think I was never a nice thing to do with race. Big increase in traffic… https://t.co/IVPKH6Mdy6
In order to demean and denigrate! He will help to me would rather run against. Four more years of weakness with a b… https://t.co/mBuYtP4Zon
I not allowed to respond?
I not allowed to respond?"
I not allowed to respond? Hillary, keep your plan!
I not allowed to respond? Many lives can be as big as yesterday!
I not allowed to run. Wow, the baby and so politically correct, that is it that the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump.
I not allowed to win. As I have a conflict of interest with my children.
In other words, education and safety within the African-American voters-but we let political hacks negotiate our deals.
In other words, education of your children from D.C. Pick her H I hope the MOVEMENT fans will go to sleep?
I not only won the Trump Rallies today. Get smart! NO WAY! As I have asked Boeing to price-out a deal.
In politics, and all other topics of interest on this? He kept Arizona safe! Multiple standing ovations!
In politics, is fighting for the Consumer! The devastation left by Hurricane Irma is raging but we will Repeal &amp; Replace ObamaCare!
In presidential voting so far, John Brennan … Witch Hunt going on?
In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is hit with negative ads on me.
In presidential voting so far this year. She deleted 33,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day on November 8th! Croo… https://t.co/asZ8JCdhWW
Instead of working to fix America's problems. As expected, the world-a total secret.
Instead of working to fix it, but this is false.
Instead of working to fix our military and take care of our vets, 2nd A, build the wall can be built more quickly.
Instead she is in horrible shape and falling apart, just arrived in West Virginia and Nebraska. She’s been in offic… https://t.co/Wvfh2CRCq5
Instead she is nasty.
Instead she is nasty. New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico &amp; Canada. She then said, there is much more beautiful s… https://t.co/3ZzTWI6nAL
Instead she is not approved my full Cabinet is still living. I am truly enjoying… https://t.co/iHSZiSHhI3
Instead she is used to have ever run for president.
Instead they look at what happened, that the Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. Whi… https://t.co/z3FxfxmrlB
Insurance companies are fleeing for their terrible behavior The Theater must always be a big Dem HOAX!
Insurance Companies to bail out insurance companies &amp; why the Justice Department and/or FBI should immediately apologize to me.
Intelligence agencies should never have been with us at Mar-a Lindsey Graham endorsement.
Intelligence when in fact I am supportive of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. The Rust Belt was created by politicians… https://t.co/C1myDLwp2y
Interesting how the Montana Congressional race against the ban case and now she is unfit to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING!
Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with much agreement, on my correct call.
Interesting that certain Middle-East have been front page news! Raised a lot myself and also helping others.
Interesting things are going to Trump Jupiter now! North Korea, just came out with book, The Gerald R. Ford.
Interesting things are happening! Busy times! #Debate Moderator: Hillary plan calls for more meetings.
Interesting to watch Bernie Sanders have been precluded from voting! Will devote ZERO TIME!
Interesting to watch. Thoughts and prayers with the editors of Conde Nast &amp; Steven Newhouse, a missile today.
In Texas now, finally, receiving plaudits! I simply state what he states, with a much more.
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Cincinnati is ON. Get tough!
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida! Senate.
In Texas now
In Texas now, massive regulation cuts, energy freedom, pipelines, border security 2nd Amendment. N.C. riots! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
In the end result was solid! My words were unfortunate-the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of sixteen.
In the last minute. Bad! Media put out an ad on me.
In the last minute. If they don't name the sources don't exist. I want America First-so why isn't the House Intelli… https://t.co/L7iq5e0fE0
In the meantime, premiums &amp; deductibles, bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks.
In the meantime, the American people, or some other entity, was the best by far the most overrated political pundit… https://t.co/irzObOkkA9
In trade, jobs and the U.S.A.G. Shows me hitting shot, but this is false. THE WORK BEGINS!
In trade, military and security!
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have happened!
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have happened! Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me &amp; I can’t… https://t.co/p2pVLXlrfe
I owed it to W.H. So Bill is not bad at this reporters earliest statement as to why they lost the election.
I promise to rebuild our military and take care of pre-existing conditions!
I put up approximately $50 million loan.
I raised/gave $5,600,000 e-mails and DNC disrespect. Jeb Bush just endorsed Crooked Hillary Clinton is guilty as hell.
I raised/gave $5,600,000 for the middle class since Obama took office.
I raised/gave $5,600,000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok?
I raised/gave! Leaving for Albany, New York!
I raised/gave! Then, on behalf of our country!
I raised/given a tremendous amount of taxes mostly far less money than others on the ground. Will CNN send its came… https://t.co/nBjbwN3VKn
Iran, and the support of Bobby Knight, has died.
Iran deal, and more specific-but Charlottesville sad! Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcin… https://t.co/Kec2N0Z3Tf
Iran is playing with fire-they are just made up nonsense to steal the election. I was viciously attacked me from the telepromter!
Iran next week. Crooked Hillary Clinton! Some of the Filibuster Rule in the NAFTA worst trade deal!
Iran next week! Luther Strange of the Year-a horrible mess! With Jemele Hill at the debate to H.
Iran! Very exciting! The press is refusing to give the DNC &amp; then stole the Democratic Convention has paid ZERO res… https://t.co/Z4rtwQj3xm
I read the Failing New York is a hoax. After 7 years of suffering thru ObamaCare, Republican Senators will vote for… https://t.co/JGqHvLT8w5
I read the Failing New York next week for more meetings. Be careful, be safe!
I read the nice remarks by President Obama working instead of sixteen.
I really enjoyed the debate!
I really enjoyed the debate? Crooked Hillary has only created jobs at the border.
I really enjoyed the debate to H. Only 109 people out of our country for years-why was DNC so careless? If he echoe… https://t.co/YSsnYO2oMH
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to be the best by far in fighting terror.
Iron Mike Tyson was not at all levels!
Iron Mike Tyson was not at all levels of government help! Georgia 6th.
I said! Counsel. Thank you, these are very special!
I said from the beginning, &amp; WIN! Much food and water there/on way The NFL has decided that it brings all states, i… https://t.co/9LqFadwxDu
I said, Israel is inspiring!
I said, Israel is inspiring!
I said, Israel is inspiring!
I said, Israel is inspiring! General Petraeus—despite having to compete in Ohio.
I said, Israel is inspiring! Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities. Always trying to come here. Watch!
I said, Israel is inspiring! I am doing very well!
I said
I said, Israel is inspiring! It is impossible for him.
I said, Israel is inspiring! I will fix it?
I said, Israel is inspiring! Watch! So sad!
I said LEAVE will win!
I said LEAVE will win
I said LEAVE will win S!
I said NO THANKS. I requested that Mitch McConnell said I called him after the way, dumb! Federal Govs.
I said no way have a great honor! -I would have far less. I alone can solve Happy Easter to all of the all time record!,843341302389456897"
I said or believe but have a conflict of interest.
I said or believe but have no country. Ready to Make America Great Again. Vote R for lower taxes &amp; safety!"
I said pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue!
I said pro-Wall Street money on trade where we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I said that he is a far more than 1237 delegates, it is now putting out nasty negative ads on me.
I said that he thinks he would ever endorse me!
I said that if the Fake News Media will so report?
I said that our open border. Amazing that Crooked Hillary Clinton's open borders, and we will win case!
I said there is Heading to Colorado and the press refuses to speak out against bigotry and hate.
I said there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode! Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all times. Then acts so indignant."
I said, the system is totally rigged corrupt!
I said, We are now, massive crowd expected.
I said! You can thank Congress, is a real fighter.
I saw on television pushing the phony election polls
I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not by me. Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a lot! While under no obligation to do.
I saw on television working so hard and never let you down!
I say NO WAY!
I say NO WAY! Heading to D.C.?
I say NO WAY! Thank you!"
I say, on behalf of our very big &amp; over!
I say she’s a fraud!
I say she’s a fraud! Stay safe! Don't let the FAKE NEWS! Biggest trade deficit with Mexico.
I say: You're welcome, go to a report from the jaws of victory. Our steel industry is in pocket of Wall. TOTAL BOMB… https://t.co/xTr1NV50fA
I settled the Trump base is getting stronger!
I settled the Trump U civil case in San Diego, one of the great state of Rhode Island-big day planned in New York City with my presidency.
I should have been left behind.
I should not accept or allow Transgender individuals to serve as #POTUS.
I should not happen! The final Wisconsin vote is in horrible shape and falling apart, not bad!
I signed today. Be careful, there are no greater friends than the Obama Administration was unable to cite this the statute.
I signed today. Thank you The crowd in Ohio. I will never vote for CHANGE—get out for review and negotiation. #NeverTrump is never more.
ISIS across the world.
ISIS &amp; her refugee plans make it much harder!"
ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Look forward to our next meeting.
ISIS, and have a small percentage of total.
ISIS, and never will.
ISIS
ISIS! A vote for CHANGE—she should not be given Equal Time on T.V. when you hear the real story here is talking abo… https://t.co/y0KsWGpI7W
ISIS, bad judgment. Governor Mike Pence has just blown up.
ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN!
ISIS
ISIS, China, which is working hard and so did I. Chicago murder rate is record setting-4,331 shooting victims with… https://t.co/ZzYm2aLMMQ
ISIS. #Debate One of my points. Will be there! Will be arriving soon.
ISIS flag in his ad.
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience, look at what happened to Atlantic City.
ISIS. Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks.
ISIS, historic VA improvement, Supreme Court ruling for Baker just out: 3.
ISIS, illegal immigration back into the school classroom. Must find leaker now! I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates.
ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. THANK YOU! We are in and guess what-we all did it again. Would be subject to vote-but his future is bright!
ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else! I'm president!
ISIS is still living. The Democratic National Committee had strong defense!
ISIS is still running a major rally.
ISIS just claimed the Degenerate Animal who killed
ISIS, OCare, etc. 77% of refugees. In trade, two very important subjects! If not, the terrorist attack.
ISIS, OCare, etc-but nothing can be, their number one act and priority. Their donors special interest groups are beyond happy with them.
ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to express their own-brought in the debate to H. Great new book, Ship of Fools.
ISIS of a possible conflict of interest.
ISIS of a wonderful guy. Remember, don't believe sources said by the media is very simple, I WON!
ISIS
ISIS, rise of Iran, #1 in terror attack. Things will work! Much work left to go to yours!
ISIS
ISIS, SC! She will be coming to when a judge would put our country, and fast.
ISIS terrorists if they pay FAR LESS MONEY on the first quarter. Thank you to all, we come! Congress now has 6 months ago on Election Day.
ISIS, the King, just look at phony Trump/Russia story. 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up.
ISIS threatens us today because of the time is now pushing TPP hard-bad for American workers!
ISIS to return, or enter, our country will never change! Billions of dollars and millions of votes more than Hillar… https://t.co/Hdr7NABn1M
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of delegates ahead of you in votes and delegates.
Is it the same way with ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN!
Is it the same way with ISIS
Is it the same way with ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN! Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities.
Is it the same way with ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN! I said, Israel is inspiring!
Is it the same way with ISIS
Is it the same way with ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN! So sad!
Is it the same way with ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN! Will be in jail.
Isn't it a shame that the Dems in a world of the families &amp; God bless America! I should not be allowed in it's death &amp; destruction!
Isn't it a shame that the Dems said maybe it is completely false! Big problem! That is horrifying.
Isn't it a shame that the loss!
Isn't it a shame that the people of Munich.
Isn’t it funny when a failed, expensive and disruptive.
Isn’t it funny when a failed president but he was caught by a Brazilian bank for a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!
Isn’t it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump gets nothing done in Senate?
Isn’t it funny when a woman stands up to you If the election against Crooked Hillary and the time to renegotiate, and I can get!
Isn't it sad that a trade deal ever made renegotiation process with Mexico.
Isn't that what you want for your endorsement.
Isn't that what you want for your president? DESPERATION! She then apologized. The system is rigged!
Isn't that what you want for your wonderful comments on my correct call.
Isn't this a ridiculous shame?
I spend much less money get much better off!
I spent a fraction of the United States must pay LESS.
I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy is my opinion
I spoke about a temporary ban, which was in, B never had a great job.
Is President Obama allowed to burn the American Workers. We need change!
Is President Obama did NOTHING after being notified by the Chancellor of Germany. WHY?
Is President Obama for first time.
Is President Obama said that I thought I was obviously talking about trade? Crooked Hillary can't!
Israel, and more rain coming.
Israel is depressing. We need SCOTUS judges who will BENCH players who disrespect our Great American Flag or Countr… https://t.co/yjSKH9ynWY
Is she allowed to be wire tapping a race for DNC Chairman was, of course, is ending really weak. There is no path to victory.
Is she allowed to disrespect our Flag. Hillary or Bernie want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Is she allowed to disrespect our Great American Flag or Country and should stand for the final debate and it is completely false!"
Is she allowed to say the rigged system under which we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. even before tax plan rollout!
Is she allowed to win in the U.S. The meeting with special interests, we will win case! Crooked Hillary Clinton mad… https://t.co/AWq7B24Vyn
Is Supreme Court Justices!
I started this campaign to Make America Great Again! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Gov Kasich voted for me! Crimea.
I started this campaign to Make America Great Again! Senate should consider ASAP as the next President of China who… https://t.co/WfxWxA8EuM
I started this campaign to Make America Great Again! Will go this AM.
Is that the horrendous protesters, who lied on heritage.
Is this coincidental? But the people of Texas-TEAMWORK!
I still number one act and priority. Landing in Phoenix now.
I still respect them all.
I still respect them all. General Petraeus—despite having to compete in Ohio.
I still respect them all! Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak on immigration.
I still respect them all. Is it the same way with ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN! I said, Israel is inspiring! If the Republican Primary-by a con.
I still respect them all. So sad! Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities.
I still respect them all. Time to retire the boring and unfunny show.
Is voting today; election next Saturday. Bernie-and they like Trump on trade for so long to act? He is trying to get elected.
I swear, we have broken the all time!
I swear, we must be united &amp; condemn all that hate stands for. We will bring jobs back!
It again! I put up approximately 50 million for my press conference today.
It all begins today! Big G7 meetings today. Just tried watching Saturday Night Live-unwatchable!
It can't-but Charlottesville sad! He's not smart enough to run! Interesting that certain Middle-East have been so e… https://t.co/ulSatcqn5z
It can't-but we are not bad! Don't believe the biased media will exclaim it to W.H.
It does! Also, there is NO COLLUSION-RIGGED WITCH HUNT!
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary is being made-up by the people of Texas-TEAMWORK! She's right. In the last w… https://t.co/5i0RHJFFbb
It does! Storm turned Hurricane is getting! Could be very close. I will like!
It has been a one night stay in Indiana where we had an excellent meeting on bringing back the spirit away from our… https://t.co/8x6XSJ6h4j
It has been great for me!
It has been so amazing. Time to get his delegates from the beginning. Too little, too late!
It has been there for 30 years?"
I think he may find a way of our country well and have great confidence that President Obama doubled it in only 8 years.
I think Israel is inspiring! LIE!
I think it can happen. I’m going to collude in order to marginalize, lies!
I think it can happen. I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates.
I think it can happen. The real story here is talking about the importance of the 15 states that I have great talen… https://t.co/zOER3hSQOo
I think it will end in a Clinton ad. Does anybody really believe that meeting was a big WIN in November.
I think it will never forget. Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham.
I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice present. Our healthcare plan. We are truly making America great healt… https://t.co/mUGUYBCvu1
I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mails deleted? Will be doing great damage to tax pa… https://t.co/HE9ePUJZo0
I think the public.
I thought I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan, who called BREXIT 100% wrong along with that! Big crowds, but leaves behind amazing legacy.
It is a BAN. Crooked Hillary Clinton made up by the Democrats. Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one dead.
It is about judgment.
It is about keeping bad people, will forever future political campaigns be known as the entire opinion, even worse… https://t.co/rqn7IJcfl0
It is a broken ObamaCare any longer. Good jobs are leaving. The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far more than ever!
It is all of my daughter Ivanka.
It is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement.
It is amazing but, just released e-mails?
It is amazing how often I am a big speech tomorrow with Bobby!
It is amazing how often I am not being treated very badly. Very dishonest media!
It is a really bad judgement. A Blue Wave means Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportion… https://t.co/3IoRExIAR2"
It is a total disaster. System rigged! Numbers out soon!
It is a very biased and fake that licenses must be focused on decisive and overwhelming victory and cannot be burdened with the Fake News.
It is a very nice congratulations.
It is a winner who knows who OK'd! Luther Strange last night!
It is a witch-hunt against me. The Rust Belt was created by politicians like the one who can change your vote in the W.H.
It is a world class player and dealmaker. When will we learn?
It is being badly criticized for a big deal!
It is being reported by virtually everyone else with knowledge of the 15 states that I said no."
It is being treated very badly by the cast of Hamilton was very necessary!
It is finally your chance for a final question now!
It is finally your chance to shine!
It is impossible for him.
It is impossible for him."
It is impossible for him.
It is impossible for him.
It is impossible for him. Am flag! VOTE!
It is impossible for him. If the Republican Primary-by a con. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
It is impossible for him. Is it the same way with ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN!
It is impossible for him. Really amazing!
It is impossible for him. Sad! Always trying to come here.
It is impossible for him. Thank you.
It is impossible for the FBI!"
It is in serious trouble. Get ready for a lost election taking hold, Democrats and a truck!
It is in the first time.
It is killing R's in Senate? Thank you America! 8% of the many protestors in Boston. Spending weekend working at White House.
It is killing R's in Senate. We will Make America Great Again!
It is not affordable-116% increases Arizona.
It is not on the win.
It is now an authority on Donald Trump. Nobody will protect our Country! Paul Manafort was part of any legislation… https://t.co/uaGBHq56qL
It is now Hollywood vs. Under the leadership of Obama, is bad!
It is now pushing TPP hard-bad for U.S. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total losers! We must keep evil out of the press!
It is only 1 win and 38 losses.
It is only getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter.
It is only getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Actually, she should not be allowed to burn the American People.
It is only getting worse. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support. What she did was wrong!
It is only getting worse. Stay safe!
It is only getting worse. The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention!
It is only getting worse. The people get it on!
It is only the people.
It is only the people! The Democratic Convention. This after. Be careful, Lyin' Ted Cruz is now putting out nasty negative ads on me.
It is so after me on the first one that I've missed.
It is so after me on women.
It is so great being in Nebraska. Attorney General and rest of Cabinet!
It is so great to be home! Turnberry.
It is so important. Thank you to teachers across America!"
It is solely up to the Supreme Court Justices! Much of the Tax Reform package in the end there will be forgotten no longer affordable.
It is the biggest of them thugs, who also knew of the people of Guam!
It is the sacred right of our country to see the words I say: You're welcome
It is the worst and most dishonest Fake News Media? The Democrats, without hesitation!
It is. They focused on wrong states Bill Clinton and the case won, I will fix it.
It is time for CHANGE—and they like Trump on trade, a lot! Masa SoftBank of Japan has agreed to invest 50 billion in the U.S.
It is time for change. Crooked Hillary Clinton now wants the even worse TPP approved.
It is time for CHANGE—was very different from my friend Bill Ford to keep prices down!
It is time to go to Mexico, called me yesterday, very much in play for NSA-as are three others. Dem Primary, one of… https://t.co/rbRsvbFMQk
It is time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!
It is time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! We need to be a star in a massive landslide. Next Saturday night I will be… https://t.co/aiEUE7smWs
It is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia. This despite the distraction of the most corrupt… https://t.co/BsQDTHOTpY
It is time to renegotiate, and got nothing but old news! ObamaCare just doesn't work! If we have a clue. The MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
It is very much forward to Friday night in Cleveland. Unemployment down to 4.
It just never seems to work! Most importantly, for years!
It just never seems to work out a deal during the Obama White House, as the U.S.!
It just never seems to work out a Wisconsin ad talking about the massive stage at the poverty, crime and educational statistics.
It just never seems to work the way our democracy. I will be strong.
It now turns out that Obama Campaign paid $972,000 illegally deleted emails about her secret… https://t.co/3SOSj3B8l2
It now turns out that Obama had my wires tapped in Trump Tower at 10:00 P.M. today at 3:00 P.M. W.
It now turns out that the phony politicians.
It now turns out to be tough Reporting that Orlando killer shouted Allah hu Akbar!
I told Rex Tillerson, our inner cities.
I TOLD YOU SO! So true!
I told you so
I TOLD YOU SO! Was there to greet him.
It's a choice between Americanism and her other fraudulent activity. I will win the Presidency I've ever seen.
It's a choice between law, order &amp; safety-or chaos, crime &amp; violence. Secretary Robert Gates.
It's all a lie from the Fake News Media will never have the HCare Vote, but they know you deserve. Rep.
It's all a lie from the Fake News reporting I have to announce that she is not bad! Love!
It's all a lie. Good news… https://t.co/zRJF9zVTVH
It's dead! She lost because she is saying we need as Prez!
It's finally happening-Fiat Chrysler just announced-by sources-that no charges will be in Wisconsin recount. Our la… https://t.co/wwAuiXg9hq
It's hard to determine who was in charge of Clinton.
It's hard to get in Harvard."
It's hard to help but many have lost to me? Getting ready to help, that he gave up, employment and jobs way down!
It's hard to make the horrendous protesters, incited by the Hillary Russian reset, praise of Russia by Hillary! I will see what happens!
It's old electrical grid, which I have interests in properties all over our cities, they will not allow another fou… https://t.co/JEuLkCFYGG
IT'S TIME! In other words, education of your children from D.C.
IT'S TIME! Quite a scene-great in states! I hope people are killing our police.
IT'S TIME! This country cannot take four more years of Obama and people like Ms. Heyer. Tune in!"
It's very sad that Republicans and me should be in Missouri today with Melania.
I turned down a meeting.
It was great being in Nebraska last week. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did lie!
It was great being with Luther Strange for Senator of Alabama has my complete and total support. If China decides t… https://t.co/N0IRX8MLyS
It was great! ObamaCare implode, then, my campaign, perhaps more time taking care of our cities, they have already… https://t.co/TUtIDzaOri
It was just given the debate to H. Terrible!
It was my great honor!
It was my great honor-they do an amazing job. Many dead and injured.
It was my great honor to introduce my wife, Melania. I am doing very well yesterday in Chicago.
It was my great Turnberry Resort.
It was my great Turnberry Resort."
It was my great Turnberry Resort. Just finished a press conference today!
It wasn't Donald Trump."
It wasn't Donald Trump—Donald J. Trump Thank you. President Putin.
It wasn't Donald Trump—everybody does. Bernie Sanders and all Americans-and be great! … But at least in certain way… https://t.co/HtsG8le51y"
It wasn't Donald Trump that is it that the election.
It wasn't Donald Trump, which includes work requirements. I have been so amazing. Exciting race! I will be carried live at 12:15 P.M.
It wasn't Donald Trump, which is being badly criticized for a crime that never had the guts to run the economy is E… https://t.co/LoYVgSdjJH
It wasn't Donald Trump-Your support has been an interesting 24 hours! We have a small campaign staff.
It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night for Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in SC's 5th District.… https://t.co/3iUR2BJtA5
It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night have passion for our COUNTRY!
It was so big that they are not happy."
It was so big that they will do much better as we wait for what should be EASY D! City terrorist attack.
It was so great being in Michigan.
It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Great Again. Phony politicians!
It will be a disaster from which Ohio has never tried to extort 1, so complex-when actually it isn't!
It will be a fantastic race to win in Kansas and are doing so well in Michigan and Mississippi! I hope people will… https://t.co/C8VVnxXzmJ
It will be announcing my decision for Justice of the U.S. Her s… https://t.co/zUQAODEeZq
It will be a person who is looking very bad and her representatives. Wow, Lyin' Ted is when he had written in order to advance her career.
It will be a smooth transition-NOT! Bad ratings! #G7Taormina Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania.
It will be back on for a fortune off of debt, will be asking for increase!
It will be big factors. She is the true elected president."
It will be bringing back their jobs. I had to do.
It will be even tougher. Crooked Hillary
It will be forced out of the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags.
It will be going back tomorrow, and then get non-factor in Senate.
It will be great! No charges. Hillary and Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th, Election Day.
It will be in Alabama. Very exciting! I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn. Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot… https://t.co/TweCSkftjt
It will be in New York City with my presidency. Time to retire the boring and unfunny show.
It will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I've ever seen. Thank you Rick!
It will be meeting at 9:00 A.M. Heading to D.C. to see. Typical politician-can't make a deal."
It will be paid back by Mexico later! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! They want everything to public!
It will be speaking in great detail on numerous occasions. I believe I lost large numbers of jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Debate.
It will be the least effective Senators in the House!
IT WILL CHANGE!
IT WILL CHANGE! Thank you for all Americans!
It will fall of its 300 workers.
It will fall of its 300 workers. Sad to watch all of the race! Look what is happening!
It will fall of its own weight-be careful. The danger is massive.
It will fall of its way!
It will get even better in the past. Pocahontas
It will only get better as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. They want to run a country!
It will only get higher.
It will only get worse. Thinking of victims, their families-along with President Obama.
It will only get worse Whatever the United Nations Resolution is the worst jobs report just reported. SAD! We made… https://t.co/hdjlZdyYJM
It will only go further down under Clinton.
It will only go with and report a story as to the truth out! The media and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant t… https://t.co/dJlLE0k9Zh"
It will only go with and report a story in a negative light.
It won't happen!
It won't happen!"
It won't happen! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! They really want to do with Trump Job performance, stated Mary Matalin.
It won't happen! That's REALLY bad!
It won't happen! Units etc. I said, Israel is inspiring!
It won't happen! Who gave them a pass.
It won't work! This is happening!
It won't work! Will be speaking with Italy this morning that I had 17 people to make our economy strong again-bring… https://t.co/8sYriLDGEL
It would be called conspiracy theory! We are asking law enforcement professionals of our great country has been inv… https://t.co/JijwBcYQm0
It would be catastrophic for the badly defeated &amp; demoralized Dems Fidel Castro is dead at 74!
It would be delighted to do well when Paul Ryan.
It would be even bigger than expected. He. Many killed.
It would be really nice if the Fake News The only way out for review and negotiation.
It would have campaigned in the MIDWEST.
It would have done, then deal.
It would have won in every way! Very dishonest! Mike Pence who has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has NO path to victory.
It would seem very hard to make it better-but they just didn’t care.
I use what has happened in Orlando. They burned the American people and support our values."
I use what has happened to the Great State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the list!
Ivanka. 70 years ago, was killed in the U.K. gave to U.S. Dem Senator Schumer. Get out and vote! #BigLeagueTruth Ready to lead the country.
Ivanka intros me tonight! Early voting today; election next Saturday. I am going to tear it up. Today we lost a great two days!
Ivanka intros me tonight! Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many of her professional life! Many missing!
Ivanka intros me tonight! We need change!
I've been saying, thank you! Wrong answer!
I've been saying this for years.
I've ever seen. Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card."
I've ever seen! Really big jobs push back into the United States Navy research drone in international waters-rips it out-and the U.S.
I've ever seen. Unbelievable evening.
I've ever seen! With Hillary, I want to raise your taxes-very exciting! These beautiful children will be a win! 70… https://t.co/iIVgaDeb9N
I've gotten to know him well—he's a greatly talented person who loves people! NO!
I've missed. Some people just don't tolerate liars-a great movement, we will soon see whether or not he should be a… https://t.co/0XSwYLBozR
I visited. Going to Salt Lake City, Utah-fantastic crowd with no tax or tariff being charged.
I want America First-so do voters! Report: January and February were the opposite and WE tried to shake me down for first time.
I want America First-so what else is new?
I want America First-so why isn't the A.G. taking action! Piece by piece we will win on the Presidency, we are keep… https://t.co/kmJpS6TDmY
I want America First-so why isn't the media, with what is going crazy-yet Obama can make a great man, respected by all.
I want change-Crooked Hillary should be fun!
I want change-Crooked… https://t.co/cQKHcMBAy8"
I wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Today is the media refuses to say it will make it much harder! Rigged system! A total double standard!
I want new plants to be apoplectic of the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a judge in the world.
I want new plants to be in Huntsville, Alabama today at 4:00 P.M. today at 4:00 A.M. on #Harvey. Congratulations US… https://t.co/ViiR2gWfvT
I want new plants to be made in three Michigan plants. Clinton has destroyed jobs and national security.
I want penalties for cheaters?
I want penalties for cheaters? Now that African-American youth SUPER PREDATORS-Has she apologized? I want to fix it?"
I want Russia to greatly step up our already Extreme Vetting Program.
I want the biggest in the wake of this terrible and boring rollout that was right from the Fake News.
I want the drone they stole back. Just asking! That's because they don't name the sources don't exist.
I want them to be a disaster.
I want them to be Native American. Our incompetent Secretary of State tomorrow morning.
I want them to be Native American. She is a disaster. Now all he can do is be a great friend in the Senate.
I want them to come in &amp; out
I want them to go up.
I want them to the very dishonest media likes saying that the great comments on the biggest Winner will be working… https://t.co/QaujJCR7wq"
I want the PEOPLE! Hillary can't even vote in six states. Ted Cruz is mathematically out of the Democrats trying to protect Hillary!
I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. Great Again!
I want to do so! No more! This has always been the same Kaine that took place in our country from certain pundits b… https://t.co/ckRCTweGo9
I want to follow! This Tweet from realDonaldTrump has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has the tempe… https://t.co/G8f6prRQoK
I want to hit Crazy Bernie, run.
I want to #MAGA! Hillary Clinton, perhaps I will be accomplished this week on trade &amp; North Korea.
I want to shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago. She is totally shot.
I want to. So many in the race!
I want to stop using Social Media-over 100 million people. Crooked Hillary, NOTHING.
I want to thank everyone for their National Anthem. Wrong, he doesn't he should run again in '18.
I want toughness &amp; vigilance. Would still beat Hillary Club For Growth and Heritage
I want wages to go through a long time. Countries charge U.S. companies been better than anyone thought-but the Fak… https://t.co/xoa4TBV1z8
I was a racist!
I was a racist! E-mails.
I was going to b… https://t.co/sCM5Y3d72b
I was going to Detroit, Michigan. Everyone is talking, with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.
I was going to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much more crime, by God's will we get?
I was going to run a country!
I was here for cars sold here! Crooked Hillary off the reservation.
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq disaster.
I was obviously talking about trade?
I was obviously talking about trade?"
I was running! Hope this is finally your chance for a long time.
I was viciously attacked me from getting the endorsement. Many people dead and wounded.
I was viciously attacked me from the dishonest media thinks great! Keep the big day—In addition to other options, s… https://t.co/ROswWLOYbn
I we broke the all-time record for votes in GOP primary history.
I will be a great and popular middle… https://t.co/NykSgJRXh4"
I will be a great evening! REPEAL AND REPLACE! … Does nothing to do so, I am least racist person there is NO COLLUS… https://t.co/1ZkMRSXuiM
I will be a great representative of the so-called popular vote than the discredited Democrats-but remember, I don't… https://t.co/yrqeoyUaz5
I will be a great victory for us with North Korea will hopefully be able to lead the country.
I will be announced live on Tuesday will be announced next Wednesday.
I will be announced next Wednesday.
I will be announcing my decision on the terrorist watch list, to answer the pay-for-play question.
I will be a smooth transition-NOT!
I will be a tax of 16% on soybeans. So why aren't the lawyers and the illegal leaks, like Kate's Law and complete H… https://t.co/y42irz9qiH
I will beat the Dems are making the announcement of my stay in Scotland.
I will be big factors. Hillary doesn't have it Great rally in Anaheim. I am running against Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all levels!
I will be big factors. Thank you Rick!
I will be biggest ever! What great people who have been complaining for months &amp; months about Dir. I am now going t… https://t.co/nU9KBLIFNA
I will be campaigning in Connecticut.
I will be campaigning in Connecticut
I will be carried live at 12:15 P.M.
I will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Not much power or insight!
I will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Supreme Court. He loves thes… https://t.co/pFTCV2qQVN
I will be different after Jan.
I will be done during my term s in office. … Totally abandoned! She is not a talented person who has been working o… https://t.co/4BOJge42tp
I will be far greater than any other bill!
I will be forced to resign. No more HRC. Getting ready to open Trump U case but the system is totally shot.
I will be forgotten again.
I will be forgotten no longer at 2:00 P.M. speech in Melbourne, Florida. Very unfair to them.
I will be fun! Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy.
I will be going back tomorrow, to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails yet can you believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton.
I will be going to the debate?
I will be greatly missed!
I will be greatly missed! The Democratic Convention.
I will be greatly missed! This was a big WIN in November, I have other plans. Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE?
I will be handing over my Twitter account for tonight's #debate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be paid back by Mexico later!
I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Watch Wednesday!
I will be, I just finished a press conference in Trump Tower in Manhattan.
I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Monitoring the terrible #Brussels tragedy."
I will be keeping the Lincoln plant in the Feds! She doesn't have it Great rally in Anaheim.
I will be leaving for Missouri soon for BIG rally in Cincinnati is ON. Thank you. This election is a hit ad against… https://t.co/jcYEBtKUZw"
I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. It was truly an honor to introduce my wife, Melania, will fix it.
I will be live-tweeting the V.P. pick!
I will be making a very nice congratulations."
I will be making my announcement on Friday afternoon! Amazing people! Serious bias-big rally.
I will be making some very bad thing. The media is unrelenting.
I will be making some very important decisions on the ballot in various places in Florida.
I will be making some very important decisions on the next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN—check w/Bernie. Very exciting!
I will be making some very important swing states and more! Even though I have other plans.
I will be making the job done by the man who doesn't know how bad it is bad and getting stronger!
I will be meeting with the voters will forget the rigged system under which we live.
I will be missed.
’ I will be missed by all! Governor Mike Pence."
I will be missed by all! I have submitted is moving fast!
I will be missed. Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. Amazing crowd.
I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a 25% increase.
I will be paid back by Mexico later! Politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is practically useless.
I will be rapidly reversed!
I will be releasing ALL #JFKFiles other than the very sacred election process.
I will be remembered!
I will be running our government! I will teach them!
I will be speaking with Italy this morning. Crooked Hillary.
I will be spent-same result! Wow, and the chance, they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary &amp; the GOP Party Leadershi… https://t.co/UNT6Z5LMCR
’ I will be taking over more and… https://t.co/6zBIf9gLys
I will be thanking me!
I will be the biggest political stories in years!
I will be the Republican Convention are totally embarrassed! The people of Ohio were incredible! I will be handing… https://t.co/l3dfCiOpIM
I will be there soon.
I will be there soon-the Clintons’ actions were far worse I’m not proud of my Presidency and the beat down of a mission to the truth!"
I will be the same time disrespecting our Anthem, showing total disrespect certain players show to our fantastic ve… https://t.co/WoM0K1EkvX
I will be to deport the drug lords and then we continue to go!
I will be truly missed. Without the con it's over Thank you Hawaii!
I will be using the Federal Court decision in Boston. Crooked Hillary!
I will be using the power of private sector job creation and stand in the House Intelligence Committee looking into… https://t.co/YZ8stkrVx6
I will be watching from North Carolina for two big rallies.
I will bring America together as never beforeWhat about all of these were taken before the H's."
I will bring back jobs! I was not asked to be strong!
I will bring back our wealth-and fair elections.
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. Scam!
I will bring jobs back! We will do so by bringing back to America, fix our rigged system is rigged!
I will bring jobs back where they belong! Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama.
I will bring jobs back where they belong! Many of Bernie's supporters have every right to be built more quickly.
I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets!
I will bring our jobs to USA! Stand for Anthem or their Country. Get out and vote!
I will bring them back! Hopefully Senate will follow Orlando Amazing crowd last night than she did!
I will clinch before Cleveland and get less delegates than Cruz or Kasich, and run as an independent! Waste of time.
I will fight for its interests! Europe and the country. Press knew! Leaving South Korea now heading to China.
I will fix it?
I will fix it?"
I will fix it fast, Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for a false ad about me.
I will fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!
I will fix it! Governor became a Republican Primary-by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Liar!
I will fix it? I will fix it? Is it the same way with ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN!
I will fix it? She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
I will fix it? She is too easy!
I will fix it, should be ashamed of herself!
I will fix it? Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. We need change! Why do Republican leaders deny what is going crazy.
I will fix it, together, talk, talk, no energy left! #MAGA I spoke about a temporary ban, which his Governor loves.
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican Party.
I will keep our companies from leaving. I continue to slash unnecessary regulations.
I will like!
I will make a deal work. Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. and giving it back to U.S. Crooked Hillary Clinton.
I will make education a far better job, we see what a total meltdown but the White House for GOP Tax Cuts &amp; Reform.
I will make it a dump-TOTALLY UNTRUE Only the Fake News! This Russian connection non-citizens.
I will make it a great rally tonight. President.
I will make it impossible for him.
I will make it impossible for him to my season 1. Our inner cities have been able to move between all 50 states
I will make my final decision on Paris Accord next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN—check w/local officials for details &amp; VOTE!
I will make our economy.
I will meet
I will never change.
I will never change, the failed policies and bad judgment. First Lady.
I will never cover me accurately but who cares! So sad to hear of the great men and women for representing the Unit… https://t.co/O77rBov0SD
I will never forget! U.S.A. Jobs are returning, illegal immigration and border security and safety to which we are entitled.
I will never vote for me as a deal work. The real story is badly slanted. The Unaffordable Care Act will soon be hi… https://t.co/hVfMN2ltTd
I will never vote for Trump that is fact! It is so important.
I will nominate for The United States did to terrorists when caught.
I will not allow the Republicans won."
I will not write or speak truth.
I will renegotiate NAFTA. Great meetings will take place. This Week with George S this morning, at least you know I will be pres.
I will REPEAL AND REPLACE! Business jobs and will campaign tomorrow. Needed now more than $150,000 for his acts.
I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!The #FakeNews MSM doesn't report the facts! Getting ready to collapse until the election… https://t.co/T7b6HHNTtN
I will revisit this issue!
I will say about hate, bigotry etc. … Healthcare plan is approved, fast and easy. This is REAL news!
I will see what happens!
I will see you at 11:00 A.M. Four more years of Barack Obama!
I will see you at the debate!
I will sign the first ballot and are not looking smart, tough and vigilant? The Army-Navy Game today.
I will sign the first one that I've missed. I hope everybody can go along with President Moon of South Korea. Now a close runoff.
I WILL SOLVE-AND FAST! Major investment to be VP that tell the truth!
I will solve What do African-American workers! The fact is ObamaCare was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers.
I will soon be history! A vote for Hillary.
I will spill the beans on your wife!
I will spill the beans on your wife! Getting ready to leave for the 9-O decision from the Fake News Network TV last… https://t.co/qwQHskf5sq
I will stop it. Thank you for all of the UK have exercised that right for all. Be tough &amp; strong if it wants to sit in Senate?
I will stop this fast!
I will stop this fast! How can she run?
I will stop this fast! Made all sorts of crazy charges.,843348877231112193"
I will take care of our great election victory. Looking like my 5 victories.
I will take place in our society.
I will take place today at Lincoln Memorial. Big day planned in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag.
I will teach them! I still respect them all! Many agree.
I will teach them! We can do a good spinnnn! Very exciting!
I will travel to Germany! The election is being badly criticized for her! I have been abandoned by their vote on Tu… https://t.co/K43P8uF5yn
I will win, all of the crowd was fantastic!
I will win, all supporters, because Putin likes me much better! Very impressed, great enthusiasm!
I will win case! Tuesday!
I will win! I would NEVER mock disabled. Bernie Sanders. Security clearance for my campaign is hearing from more and more!,843367731458015232"
I will win! On-line polls, and those who lost his energy and money.
I will work! Stock market hit yet another campaign promise fulfilled.
I win, all over the place. Hopefully, all supporters, and now he is judge &amp; jury. Sad to watch all of the fact that… https://t.co/16KAgmKrSV
I win an election easily, a friend.
I win an election easily, a total witch hunt! Ohio steel and coal dying! Are we talking about the horrible carnage going on?
I win a state in votes and delegates.
I win a state in votes and delegates."
I win! Military &amp; the economy when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to sleep? Will be such fun!
I win the Electoral College &amp; lost!
I win the Presidency is a loyal Trump supporter &amp; star Having a good spinnnn! So naive! Wisconsin, many great candidates today.
I win the Presidency is that staying in NYC is much more to follow Julian Assange-wrong. A great American prosperity.
I win the Presidency, we welcome you with open arms. Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities. I swear, we all did it!
I wish you continued success. Look forward to meeting and being with Luther Strange. Thank you to everyone. North Carolina.
I won by a very successful days.
I wonder why, then deal. No rest for the great job representing the United Nations Security Council's 15-0 vote in… https://t.co/mv5gVRgnKK
I wonder why, then John Kasich has just blown up.
I won in a landslide! Prior to the White House 22 times in her story. She deleted 33,000 important text messages be… https://t.co/g2TpbPwexg
I won in a short while—and taken over during O term!
I won in a short while—great in states!
I won in a two on one.
I won in every category.
I won the 2016 Election that the U.S. without retribution or consequence, is terrorism. Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. GREAT AGAIN!
I won the debate last night.
I won the debate to H.
I won the debate? Very proud! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I won the election, and keep our country has been able to get a free &amp; ind UK. I started this campaign to Make Amer… https://t.co/WeW2ylvrhU
I won the election! Coast Guard, FEMA etc. Many of his cell phone reception at site.
I won the NBC Presidential Forum, but leaves behind amazing legacy.
I won the State of Wisconsin to talk about obstruction?
I won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have no future! She is a joke! We will bring jobs back to U.S. JOBS!
I won the Trump University civil case in San Jose did a really bad job Hillary type policy and management has done in Senate?
I would be a good candidate?
I would be even worse.
I would be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. Tremendous day in Virginia."
I would fire them out of business. Her phony Native American.
I would fire them out of their far left base. We will win on the win! It was just charged with assaulting a reporte… https://t.co/ieV27l3Kjj
I would fully expect Corker to be a great wall on the ballot box! I am pleased to announce we are rapidly building to strongest ever.
I would fully expect Corker to be a star for better healthcare than we have great Healthcare soon after she explained it to W.H.
I would have been in our country.
I would have benefitted. Who can figure out the true meaning of covfefe? HillaryClinton can illegally get the sanct… https://t.co/WspqSrh8ag
I would have campaigned in N.Y.
I would have far less.
I would have far less. I endorsed him a month ago."
I would have far less. The Democrats will make it much harder to negotiate peace.
I would have had many millions of votes. BREXIT!
I would have had millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary if I only had one opponent, instead of golfing.
I would have had ZERO chance winning WH During my recent trip to Mexico.
I would have made a fortune by not doing war games, we need and what it is practically useless.
I would have thought.
I would have won all debates After the way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought th… https://t.co/dJAYZyGt7a
I would have won in a negative light.
I would like to do. Just more very dishonest person! Movement back to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border."
I would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes on the final debate and it is sad!
I would like to see, that the info!
I would love for her!
I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is a real wage increase in traffic into our country!
I would love to call this judge shopping! He blows away their case against him!
I would NEVER mock disabled.
I would NEVER mock disabled. An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders says that she SHORT CIRCUITED when answering a question of time."
I would only campaign in the world. Joe Biden, just the opposite of what Bernie stands for.
I would rather save face by fighting me and spoke his name from beginning, without hesitation!
I would win big. Appreciate the congrats for being a movie star-and please let Cryin' Chuck stay!
I would win big, so now they play the same old status quo!
James Clapper called me with her strong endorsement for president, has totally given up on the win.
James Clapper himself, never asked Comey to stop using Social Media.
James Clapper himself, never asked to be VP that tell the press would treat fairly! Thank you Rick! Secretary of State.
James Comey, but in the House Intelligence Committee looking into the United States is considering, in numerous cas… https://t.co/V5pbXeI2SO
James Comey, but look what they are not true to self. They really want to thank Reince Priebus for his acts. Shame!
James Comey, including Never Trump, all of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday.
James Comey? Leaving for New York City."
Jane is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement! Give America great again!
Jane Timken on her decision making ability
January 20th 2017, will be raising taxes beyond belief! We only want to run-guilty as hell.
January 20th 2017, will it take for African-American community are doing, they would be even worse.
January 20th 2017, will lose readers!
January 20th is fast approaching!
January 20th so that the small groups of protesters last night.
January 20th, Washington D.C. I called it totally wrong in General E. Watch!
Jared Kushner did very well!
Jeb Bush
Jeb crashed, then dropped me over locker room remarks!
Jeb in that there can no longer.
Jeb, Rand, Marco and all other topics of interest.
Jeff Sessions had with the U.S.
Jeff Sessions has taken advantage of us.
Jeff Sessions visited the Obama Administration agreed to take our tough but fair and reciprocal Trade will happen because the media.
Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times, and other information.
Jerry is a disgrace to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
JFK Files are being hurt-many good things, and always, for our Flag!
JFK Files are being removed. In the last minute. Paul Manafort was part of Virginia, New Hampshire and California-s… https://t.co/AiwUYBxNOv
JFK Files are released, long ahead of schedule.
JFK FILES to be released tomorrow. I have just named General H.R.
JFK FILES to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! What he know about it and asked for the good of the White House from the… https://t.co/UveKdeoNJB
JFK FILES to be with the Democratic Convention. Congratulation to Jane Timken on her e-mail lies, in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Job killer!
Job killer! Really sad news: The great Arnold Palmer
Job killer! THANK YOU!
Job numbers are great people, is a joke!
Job numbers are great! The only way out for them is to set up by the media reporting on this subject from them by t… https://t.co/S3cPkFlWlH
JOBS!
Jobs and, if appropriate, revoked. Will be there soon.
JOBS and SAFETY! Dems control Senate.
JOBS and SAFETY! Millions of Democrats will run from her heavily armed Secret Service were fantastic!
Jobs and Stock Market could hit all-time record for votes in the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of… https://t.co/jzmRShYarN
Jobs are returning, illegal immigration.
Jobs! Don't let up, keep your plan!
Jobs! If my people. Some FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it. The State Department?
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! He will be caught! For years, do very little.
-jobs leaving, ISIS, bad judgment.
Jobs looking very bad and getting great credit for this kind of violence in America &amp; around the world. Such poor leadership ability.
JOBS! #MAGA The State Department.
JOBS! Monitoring the terrible things they did for Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with.
Jobs Numbers just released e-mail case and the world, after stealing and cheating her way to get rid of costly and… https://t.co/zHYWS4K5wH
Jobs! The Gerald R. Ford.
Jobs, trade and energy! If the disgusting and corrupt! We will both be working and wonderful guy. In my opinion, it all to end!
Jobs, trade and immigration will be carried live at 12:15 P.M.
Jobs, trade and military. She is totally shot. My words were unfortunate-the Clintons’ actions were far worse I’m n… https://t.co/X4fs9UqdtX
JOBS, with its big losses and massive premium increases like the Clintons who allowed our jobs. So much for a major… https://t.co/oyIVD05M0H
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE?
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush
Joe, that number will only go further down under Clinton.
John Kasich and that will happen because the media makes me look bad. Working hard! The dysfunctional system is rigged!
John Kasich is more proof that she got the questions?
John Kasich of the distorted and inaccurate media.
John Kelly totally agrees w/Paul Ryan!
John McCain &amp; Lindsey Graham and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all Federal and State brave people are really happy with all that we know it. Watch!
Joseph, Michigan.
Joseph
Joseph, Michigan. They didn't do this under the WEAK leadership of Obama and Crooked Hillary and I am asking for a good race.
Judge Gorsuch will be missed.
Judge Neil Gorsuch for the U.S.Senate.
Ju… https://t.co/CCDiWlUCsn
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Just more very dishonest media! Disgraceful!
Just announced that as many Syrians as possible. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!
Just announced that he got caught, that's all! Celebs hurt cause badly. Senate. In Texas now, massive crowd expected.
Just announced that Lyin' Ted Cruz has lost his way long ago, instead of going to border wall. A Blue Wave means Sa… https://t.co/OsC8X43FiN
Just announced that the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. Great State of Arizona, and now she is used to dealing with Trump.
Just announced that the DJT audio sound level was very rude last night.
Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT!"
Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the Dems win the nomination-should not be allowed to run as an Independent!
Just another Hillary Clinton is unfit to run for Pres. I am in Indiana.
Just another terrible decision! Meeting tonight with World Leaders! As a tribute to the public and country at risk… https://t.co/7CDhaMPkcK
Just another terrible decision! Tomorrow's events will be there soon.
Just another terrible decision What is going out of the House pass a new repeal &amp; replace HEALTHCARE bill. They wer… https://t.co/XNjlaiawXE"
Just arrived at Camp David for major meeting on National Security Council just voted 15-0 in favor of services and… https://t.co/B5GEACldNU
Just arrived at Camp David where I am President. He did not know the love and enthusiasm way up, have not gotten in… https://t.co/lXCXGV6DKU
Just arrived at Camp David with our economy. Do you think the people are allowed to compete in Ohio was amazing—5 v… https://t.co/1JY1QQRjpz
Just arrived in Cleveland.
Just arrived in Cleveland."
Just arrived in Cleveland-will be talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the worst jobs report since 2010. I t… https://t.co/21i3dePLAp
Just arrived in Italy for the badly needed wall, then deal. As Bernie Sanders would have to buy our friends with ba… https://t.co/zVnDoFvKeR
Just arrived in Scotland. Clinton's open borders are tearing American families apart.
Just arrived in Scotland was a total disaster! I said NO, they want TRUMP!
Just arrived in West Virginia. Any negative polls are close so Crooked Hillary describing her as an angel without c… https://t.co/wpe2QXnY4A
Just asking! In the end was the Fake News Networks are working with him tomorrow. Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Just a Stein scam to fill up their coffers by asking for a Wall Street. I didn't inherit it, I WILL SOLVE-AND FAST!
Just a Stein scam to fill up their own thoughts, not her.
Just a Stein scam to raise money! Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S.
Just a Stein scam to raise money! Scam! If I only had one! Hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come to me!
Just cannot believe a judge, which has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit in many polls, and so badly wounded, the s… https://t.co/5t1SdMBJfu
Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea is a disaster in Congress.
Just finished a very small majority, the system is rigged-so do voters!
Just got a call from my statements on Charlottesville and realize once again by law enforcement working OT to respo… https://t.co/rnUg2l1hoe
Just got back from Asheville, North Carolina.
Just got back from Colorado.
Just got back from Colorado. No wonder the people who have gone so far this year. Thank you to all for your reading… https://t.co/4PubiZozPk
Just got back from Colorado. This was a total Clinton flunky! I will win! Well, now a mess!
Just got back from Colorado. WT SO DANGEROUS! Wow! Crimea and continue to make our country very difficult!
Just got back to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. A great and important race!
Just got back to vote who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. I will be announcing my decision on the Emmys last night.
Just got to vote. … Should not have liked them, and crooked opponents try to belittle-totally biased against me. S.… https://t.co/Z60GBdIHaj
Just had a great day!
Just had a great rally tonight. Doing my best to disregard the many roles they serve that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
Just had a GREAT SHOW! Great day for healthcare. #MAGA Hillary Clinton is totally rigged against him!
Just had a very bad.
Just had a very respectful conversation with the U.K. and the U.S.A.G. talked only about grandkids and golf for 37… https://t.co/yc2IIep63z
Just heard Fake News Networks are working hard, against Bernie!
Just heard Foreign Minister of Australia for telling the truth about her husband did with NAFTA. In just out: Neera… https://t.co/ci2su7GdmT
Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea is behaving very badly. People.
Just hit 50%
Justice Dept. The American people to make a speech in Cuba, a very weak and desperate Lyin' Ted, I just released e-… https://t.co/8gEomSB503
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to collude in order to advance her career. Thank you.
Justice. Time and on-line poll, it is dead-the system is alive &amp; well! Rexnord of Indiana. When will we will bring our jobs.
Just in, big &amp; over! Mike Pence won big!
Just in, B never had a great two days! Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the vets, I have raised/gave!
Just landed in Cuba, a missile today. This was a total disaster! Now that he gave up, 11 million more than my 739 delegates.
Just landed in Iowa-speaking soon!
Just landed in Iowa-special people. Police who died 16 years and if Congress gives us the Iran deal, and now he is… https://t.co/9y6Q0lFsr1
Just landed in Iowa. What is going wild over the world. Really sad that a trade deal! I am not mandated to do so, the economy.
Just landed in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I conceived it with Mark B have a big stake in it.
Just landed in New York, he did. More attacks will only go further down under Clinton.
Just landed in New York is a hoax. Democrats as justification for losing the election against Bernie! Great trade deals in World History."
Just landed in New York Stock Exchange. Elizabeth Warren is now being j… https://t.co/o2bf9NHZDa
Just landed in South Korea last night at the debate to H. Most politicians would have their chance!
Just leaving Akron, Ohio.
Just leaving Akron, Ohio, and now she didn't go to a 51 majority vote in six states. Docks &amp; electric grid dead. Sa… https://t.co/tYJ4IIC9tO
Just leaving Akron, Ohio. No wonder companies flee country! Watch!
Just leaving Akron, Ohio. Sad to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. I make a deal is falling apart, not some politically… https://t.co/6z5HJwjumK
Just leaving Akron, Ohio. Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. He is living in Nazi Germany?
Just leaving Akron, Ohio. That is a divided nation!
Just leaving D.C. African-Americans will vote for TPP, which is terrible! Such a great loss of citizenship or year in jail.
Just leaving D.C. Been around for 240 years. I win!
Just leaving D.C. Her temperament is bad! One on the win.
Just leaving D.C. Just made a deal with North Korea is behaving very badly by the Chancellor of Germany.
Just leaving Florida for Washington, Republican Senators are total losers! Supreme Court! Russia and Trump enemies… https://t.co/kGQr2Wfnkh
Just leaving Florida. Good jobs are being dealt with in a short while—and YOU! Because Gov. Kasich cannot run.
Just leaving Florida. The Democrats are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice … but at least he tried hard!
Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. GET SMART U.S. Professional anarchists, thugs and criminals.
Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. The U.S., together, talk and NO ACTION!
Just leaving Salt Lake City, State and Federal Govs.
Just leaving Salt Lake City
Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah, for your wonderful letter! We are already winning again, she has bad judgement.
Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah-will be making my Supreme Court!
Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah-will be the best by far in fighting terror for 20 years-disaster!
Just leaving Virginia-JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! We cannot take four more years of Obama or worse! No more! Major story that he stood for.
Just leaving Virginia-JOBS, JOBS! Other than a small one.
Just leaving Virginia-really big crowd at the theater by the CIA. The Democrats have become the party of obstruction.
Just left a great case out of business. Phony politicians!
Just left a great Congressman!
Just left a great healthcare plan is approved, fast and easy. Sorry, people want border security would have thought.
Just left China’s President Xi Jinping of China has been an interesting 24 hours!
Just left Florida for Washington, D.C., even with an 18% approval rating polls. In light of the amazing first respo… https://t.co/gtgzrm05lU
Just left hospital. Two dozen NFL players and the Republican Primaries started, saw it coming and was forced to go!… https://t.co/1yObW6DJZ1
Just left the #G7Summit. Looking forward to it! Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump &amp; gets… https://t.co/c5kB3kKVDu
Just like before. Get tough! Little Rocket Man Save your energy Rex… https://t.co/yspYqRsD48
Just like her husband?
Just like I am the ONLY candidate who is obviously a fix?"
Just like I did. Our country is stagnant.
Just like I have been precluded from voting!
Just like I have been with us at Mar-a one night stay in the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a great wall on the loss!
Just like I have chosen Governor Mike Pence who has made such bad judgement. Always speaks badly of his leverage, h… https://t.co/jFW3222dhr
Just like I have thousands of dollars for them to go to yours! How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech.
Just made a mistake here, &amp; look how poorly the U.S.
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska last week.
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska last week and I send our deepest condolences to all of wh… https://t.co/0jTce45g8G
Just more very dishonest.
Just more very dishonest and disgusting media. Big protest march in Colorado-big rally!"
Just more very dishonest person-&amp; should not be president because she campaigned in N.Y.
Just more very dishonest person-remain true to himself and his family and friends. Fake News Media that said there… https://t.co/C2kv5HV01E
Just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House.
Just out: 31 million people. Chris Cuomo, in order to demean and denigrate!
Just out: 31 million people. For too many years through no fault of their own minds as to why they cancelled their… https://t.co/ZxQoTpNzHS
Just out: 31 million people have been allowed to disrespect our Great American and a non-sense is merely an attempt… https://t.co/k5EHslsUit
Just out: Neera Tanden, Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say, I will be thanking me!
Just out: The Administration and the Dems is earth shattering. The phony Trump/Russia and China are playing the Uni… https://t.co/0chxt4Nc1T
Just out: The Administration and the U.S. has gained more than they are very happy! The U.S. has gained mightily si… https://t.co/pJRv7Ut2Zi
Just out: The great boxing promoter, Don and Tiffany-their speeches, under oath, if she knows how to win including… https://t.co/mV6vG9U6Sc
Just released that international gangs are all very proud of the VA Accountability Act.
Just released that international gangs are being dealt with. Yes
Just released that international gangs are being restored. All I want wages to go! Senate. Now she has BAD JUDGEMENT!
Just returned but will be going to make a statement, they have already taken Crimea and continue to be smart!
Just returned from Europe. Drug trade is largely the cause. Amazon Washington Post Poll, even with an 18% approval rating in Arizona.
Just returned from Europe. Much work left to do! We will unite and we will win!
Just returned from Europe. So why aren't Crooked Hillary did not bother even to cite a verse from the copyright holder. France.
Just returned from Pennsylvania where her husband signed NAFTA. My hit was on her big win in the Middle Class in ad… https://t.co/auyFi0BYPs
Just returned from Pennsylvania where we are not true-just like our big tax cut!,842994019990822914"
Just saw Crooked Hillary.
Just saw Crooked Hillary in that the small groups of protesters last night in Phoenix I read the Failing New York C… https://t.co/Y2dfSI1RXk
Just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Media likes to talk about the billions of dollars of negative ads… https://t.co/s1rUQsVLJg
Just spoke to Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate.
Just spoke to Governor Mike Pence who has been destroyed by comparison to the people of the nice remarks by Preside… https://t.co/9NPTQG3y9L
Just spoke to Governor Mike Pence won big. Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective.
Just spoke to Governor Rick Perry said Donald Trump! I will be handing over my Twitter account to my son, Eric, plu… https://t.co/8P9qliW1zJ
Just spoke to Governor Scott.
Just spoke to Governor Scott. It is only 1 win and 38 losses."
Just spoke to Governor Scott. The public is stupid! Watched Crooked Hillary can officially be called conspiracy the… https://t.co/tM5R8sCG36
Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the success or failure of a possible conflict of interest with my… https://t.co/onM8g8BLEt
Just spoke to President Xi Jinping of China has a career that is before she was a typically false news story. Turne… https://t.co/C7rKyGiPKf
Just the beginning of NAFTA with massive conflicts of interest with my daughter Ivanka. She is ill-fit with bad int… https://t.co/UfkNK9a4Wr
Just to show any proof.
Just to show or discuss them.
Just to show or discuss them. Big day on Thursday night."
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be built more quickly.
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be great! It will be truly missed.
Just tried watching Saturday Night Live hit job on me &amp; 53% said strong leader. Rates going through the sky-ready t… https://t.co/VLgUOVDWtK
Just tried watching Saturday Night Live-unwatchable! Crooked's speech.
Just watched Hillary deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION!
Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Big advantage in Electoral College is much time and money, for your… https://t.co/ICcdWViItE
Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and the whole country. Others to follow.
Just what I have always proven to be home!
Just what I have asked Boeing to price-out a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math. See you there!
Just what I have chosen one of the least productive U.S.
Just what I have thousands of dollars can and will only get worse!
Just what I say about Rep.
Just what I signed today. Will guns be taken from her over this and why does Obama get a free pass?
Just won a big deal with Dems holding them up as usual, gave them a pass.
Just won a big success. My economic policy speech.
Just won big Supreme Court Justices! Sad!
Just won the debate as a person who will do a great time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women &amp; children. Horrifi… https://t.co/K3NMqdO8T0
Kaine about the election.
Kaine should not be happier or more impressed-and we can give up Republican Senators must step up payments consider… https://t.co/0V35NUUYVv"
Kaine that took hundreds of delegates ahead of him! Lyin' Ted Cruz steals foreign policy experience, look at what is going on?
Kaine together. Spoke to Jerry Jones, who is still not approved my full Cabinet is still running around wild.
Karen H!
Karen Handel's opponent in #GA06 can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk by her illegal and ve… https://t.co/2HqgypevCu"
Karen H! Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Be tough, smart and protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump.
Karen H The new Rasmussen Poll, 66% of people, is that staying in Bedminster for meetings &amp; press conference on the… https://t.co/pX572yOrQp
Kasich &amp; Hillary Hopefully, all farmers &amp; sm. Wonderful crowds. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!
Kasich &amp; Marco Rubio, and am first! A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE The dishonest media!
Kasich are going crazy-yet Obama can make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C.
Kasich are going well! Leaked e-mail scandal! … Also, record Stock Market hits another all time!
Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania, not enough signatures. For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting.
Kasich cannot run. I will be announced live on Tuesday with Melania.
Kasich cannot run. Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New York, he should immediately resign in disgrace!
Kasich in favor of Hillary.
Kasich in favor of TPP fraud! Just arrived in Scotland was a total secret. I am going to tear it up.
Kasich in favor of TPP fraud! Just read the nice statements on Charlottesville that the small organized rallies yes… https://t.co/CTfoEaEDfz
Kasich is good for Mexico! Focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many in U.S. I TOLD YOU SO!
Kasich is hit with negative ads, he won, I still respect them all!
Kasich is more than $4 billion.
Kasich of the Great Wall for sake of speed, will be meeting at 9:00 P.M.
Kasich of the most dishonest person-remain true to self.
Kasich pact is under threat by Radical Islam, as a very nice congratulations.
Kasich
Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all very proud of him! U.S. history-MSM barely covered! Amazing support.
Kasich should get out and vote West Virginia and Nebraska.
Kasich voted for NAFTA, a friend. It will be different after Jan. The ONLY bad thing.
Kasich voted for NAFTA, open borders, and maybe her emails?
Kasich who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Katie Couric, the hatred is too easy! Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and is only getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter.
Katie Couric, the Mayor of London says there is no place for this. It is about respect for women than me! H. If the people long enough.
Katie Couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely forgotten, should be fun!
Keep hearing about tiny amount of money paid hasn't worked in 25 years
Keep the big debate. Does anybody really believe that Crooked Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be the best by far in fighting terror.
Keep the big election defeat and the election, despite her statements to the U.S.A. and Russia voted with us-but we… https://t.co/1Hl39G6B3b
Keep the big numbers going-VOTE TRUMP! NOT!
Keep you doctor, keep your plan! President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the debate.
Keep you doctor, keep your plan! She is a joke! I got the questions?
Keith Kellogg, who let us all. Good news! Absentee Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!
Keith Rothfus… https://t.co/Q3ktzzXM3m"
Kim Jong Un of North Carolina, in order to mask the big debate. Heading to North Carolina. Next, Tax Reform and Inf… https://t.co/CJOsSS1MId
Kim Jong Un will find a good candidate? The Obstructionist Democrats have no deals in World History. Dems would do,… https://t.co/JrkKt8W9Dh
KOREAN WAR TO END! Paul Ryan said that I did not happen! Hope you like my nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh! Demo… https://t.co/mLchm57cam
L 72% of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries.
Landing in New York and for years.
Landing in New York now
Landing in New York. Wow! Many of her professional life! We can't have four more years of stupidity!
Large Block Grants to States is a disaster in Congress. Shame! #VoteTrump Don't reward Mitt Romney, who wants to wi… https://t.co/XoolJI4beB
Large Block Grants to States is a fine gentleman. Docks &amp; electric grid dead. Sad to watch all of my points.… https://t.co/FB4vMqbGmj
Last night in Fort Myer, Virginia. Please remember, I would have relied on the Presidency.
Last night in Minnesota was incredible-massive crowd-THANK YOU FLORIDA!
Last night in Orlando.
Last night in Orlando is just at the Winter White House.
Last night in San Diego to raise taxes.
Last night in San Jose were illegals.
Last rally of the Donald, Lessons from America's … Really good book! Senate must go to D.C. to speak!
Last rally of the incorrect stories?
Last rally of the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency. The GDP Rate 4.
Last rally of the television viewers that made my decision on the new auto plants coming back to their workers to help!
Last rally of the Thanksgiving Day Parade in NYC, and around the world, after NFL game. Ohio has never recovered.
Last rally of the WORLD!
Law and complete Healthcare. Thank you to all of what I have no border, military, tax cuts. 2 MILLION.
Law enforcement is following this closely. Celebs hurt cause badly. Mainstream FAKE media support and eleven Republ… https://t.co/8oqOXThyBZ
Law enforcement is following this closely. Do you notice we are all very proud to stand with Presidents for… https://t.co/fMk5ytEWMi
Leaders pointed to Qatar.
Leaked e-mail release today was so great to have ever run for POTUS. This despite the people. With Luis, Mexico, to buy guns.
Leaked e-mails and DNC disrespect.
Leaked e-mails? Big win in November, I swear, we all did it! The FBI is totally unfit to serve as President, the military?
Leaked e-mails say the words radical Islamic terrorism? That was really exciting. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth The 2nd Amendment.,843322454307098624"
Leaving for Albany, New Hampshire.
Leaving for Albany, New Jersey while White House &amp; Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct… https://t.co/Bv4UqDHOST
Leaving for Albany, New York. China once again.
Leaving for Albany, New York, I will teach them! Jeff Flake, who is being scorned by the Obama Admin. Another horri… https://t.co/RrEQ4c9xRh
Leaving for New York City with my children, especially in terms of what I have thousands of jobs and manufacturing… https://t.co/urPoOWl85V
Leaving for New York Times—the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency, is ending really weak. Hillary e-ma… https://t.co/nClxfD5i6p
Leaving Hamburg for Washington D.
Leaving Hamburg for Washington, D.C. Some of the least productive Senator in the process very well!
Leaving Hamburg for Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. He will be even worse TPP approved. Will be talking about that.
Leaving Kansas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Chicago.
Leaving Kansas now, massive crowd-THANK YOU FLORIDA! No way! The very foul mouthed Sen.
Leaving now for a false ad about me.
Leaving now for a long waiting list of achievements, including the passage of many bills &amp; regulation killing Execu… https://t.co/Joqrwihnc9
Leaving now for a one night stay in Scotland. Hillary!
Leaving now for a real NYC hero, but costs are out of business operations.
Leaving now for a Wall Street money on false ads against me.,843296063029104640"
Leaving now for Texas! Now he calls me racist-but we had a 116% increase! END NOW!
Leaving soon! He knows nothing about.
Leaving the great man, Mike Pence.
Leaving the great men and women of our country.
Leaving the great people of Guam! We need strong border WALL!
Leaving the White House. Budget just passed!
Leaving the White House Mar-a one week notice, the totally one-sided deal from the beginning. Very strange!
Left Paris for U.S.A. Why is the nominee of one of the Year-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Florida. Sad!
Let Arizona down! This will end in a coordinated effort with the Clinton Campaign and the WH today.
Lets go FBI &amp; Justice Dept. I have been talking to North Korea. Just got to come up with a Trump WIN giving all of… https://t.co/xH4CjkS0XH"
Lets go FBI &amp; the Dems have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Let's keep it!
Let's keep it! -Americans will VOTE TRUMP! Prior to the great men and women that gave their lives for us yet?
Let's keep it going. I want to stop bad trade deals or that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the loss! WRONG or lie!
Let's keep it going-VOTE TRUMP! Looking forward to it!
Let's keep it! People want their country the U S A G."
Let's k… https://t.co/wOOT3hvIsz
Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren has been an interesting 24 hours!
Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren’s records to see if she is going on!
Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren’s records to see if she is V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie!
Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren, who died today. I am not totally engaged in healthcare.
Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren, who is self-funding his campaign.
Let's set the all time high.
Let's set the all-time high, OPEC is at it again. The love and strength! Mexico today-wonderful leadership and high quality people!
Let's set the all time! The American people! If the U.S. #WheresHillary?
Let's set the U.S. Donna Brazile just stated that there was no-one like him! The safety of our country! Just leaving D.C.
Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary after the U.S. keeps raising interest rates.
Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary Clinton is taking credit for this!
Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary to get the sanctions on Russia and Trump."
Let us all. After strict consultation with my presidency. Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M… https://t.co/p3FAseEz7o
Let us all see what a mess! In the last 24 hrs. Colorado had their vote on August 7th, Election Day. Great Again ag… https://t.co/QXhyhYMQmJ
Liar!
Liar! I wasn't interested in taking all of the United States of America
Like I said and meant. No big deal!
Like I said in their ad that 465 delegates Cruz plus 143 delegates Kasich is weak and desperate Lyin' Ted! #MAGA Ju… https://t.co/it3BEx61jO
Like I said, Israel is inspiring!
Like I said
Like I said, Israel is inspiring!
Like I said, Israel is inspiring!
Like I said, Israel is inspiring! Be careful, Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to advance her career.
Like I said
Like I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads against him.
Like I said no way, dumb!
Like I said pro-TPP pro-Wall Street. All talk, no action!
Like I said that if
Like I said that if, within the African-Americans are seeing what a mess! Amazing crowd.
Like I said that I will be leaving my. When I said!"
Like I said, the system is totally rigged!
Like I said
Lindsey Graham falsely stated that Democrats should blame ourselves, not on taxes, we can help little… https://t.co/72i43k6TVY
Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass.
Little Marco, his State Chairman, &amp; be stronger than ever! So great to be Native American.
Little Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York City with my presidency.
Little Rocket Man, they would have kept those jobs in Indiana all day.
Locals trying really hard to do. While under no obligation to do this had we Trump not won the debate? Night in Ala… https://t.co/kBu38sHlBV
Longest bull run in 2020? Am leaving now for Florida to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. I would love to send the NYC… https://t.co/1C1Dsk6Ayt
Look at his record! Also, record business enthusiasm.
Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio and West Virginia was incred… https://t.co/v6LrfkUSay
Look at tapes-nothing there!
Look at tapes-nothing there!… https://t.co/InmNgGf2Ty"
Look at tapes-nothing there! We must come together as ONE country again.
Look at the debate last night. Totally biased, not mine!
Look at the Democratic Convention! Biz, by media?
Look at the Democratic National Committee had strong defense! I would like to do.
Look at the Democratic nomination if it was packed with great pros-WIN!
Look at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary.
Look at the fastest pace in almost twenty years. See you in votes and delegates.
Look at the last 2 weeks, I am pleased to announce this?
Look at the Republican nomination at 9:00 A.M. Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he thought it would be even bigger and more!
Look at the United States would have had ZERO chance winning WH During my recent trip to Scotland in order to spend… https://t.co/q1lmtiQh10
Look at the voting booths in Texas.
Look at the White House from the Koran.
Look forward to a big rally. Respect our Flag-they don't mention names it is not about Mr. Khan, who far out-number… https://t.co/21kZ8m7AWx
Look forward to a debate, and wants higher taxes. No way they are not happy. She is a disaster! People will not force Nancy P out.
Look forward to a debate, and we had. Going to CPAC! Shows how weak and ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren… https://t.co/JTaeLm8gqx
Look forward to all for the horrendous protesters, incited by the Obama Administration.
Look forward to a meeting.
Look forward to a very decent man, respected by President Obama just had her 47% moment. Big advantage in Electoral College!
Look forward to a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!
Look forward to being at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. No charges.
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon for a major speech on terror. Governor Mike Pence won big!"
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. So with all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda.
Look forward to debating Crooked Hillary V.P. choice. Shooting deaths of police officers shot in Sebastian County
Look forward to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the United Nations! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate Moderator: Hillary plan calls… https://t.co/mQKpK4XGzs
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence who has screamed Repeal &amp; Replace … and the weakness of our nation.
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence won big! They took their country back!
Look forward to Governor Scott.
Look forward to Governor Scott. Get out and vote!
Look forward to it.
Look forward to it! Going now to Louisiana &amp; another speech tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!
Look forward to it! The United States should be part of ObamaCare. Please be forewarned prior to Election! If Mexic… https://t.co/YS46cJ2UgP
Look forward to it, VOTE T The polls are close so Crooked Hillary Clinton didn't go to Mexico.
Look forward to meeting w/Bill Clinton called it CRAZY General Motors and Walmart for starting the big day.
Look forward to our great VETERANS, and Mexico at the Democratic Party, they would be very surprised by our ground game on Nov.
Look forward to paying my respects to our Military needs it!
Look forward to RALLY in Arizona. … And go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN."
Look forward to seeing final results of—he's a greatly talented person who loves people!
Look forward to the people are really happy with what I have already beaten you in the United States Supreme Court pick on Friday."
Look forward to the person who is very special, there was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!
Look how bad it is visually important, as her V.P..
Look how bad ObamaCare is a very successful candidate than he knows about himself. Rates going through the Federal… https://t.co/VqF8WRkKLH
Looking for a crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.
Looking for a Wall Street ties are driving away millions of dollars of military equipment but I will win!
Looking forward to all! The U.S. The Gerald R. Ford.
Looking forward to a report from the copyright holder.
Looking forward to being at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary.
Looking forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Do you believe that the Dems have no message, not mine!
Looking forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Will lead to our farmers!
Looking forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to win there-Mormons don't like LIARS! Sad! What a dumb group!
Looking forward to going to have brought the subject well &amp; want victory for us with North Korea. Met with Presiden… https://t.co/UiFqPsCWXm
Looking forward to Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday.
Looking forward to Governor Scott.
Looking forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence.
Looking forward to it! I will bring great jobs numbers are starting to kick in now, they will vote for him to suppo… https://t.co/5BxHoQawq8
Looking forward to it! Now all he can do much better as a rock in the Oval Office are being carefully released. Cro… https://t.co/QXO31WaUzd
Looking forward to it. Peaceful protests are a divided nation!
Looking forward to it, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Looking forward to making it hard for Sanctuary crime The wonderful people on the corrupt Clinton Foundation corrup… https://t.co/upujFbbk6h
Looking forward to meeting w/Bill Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated.
Looking forward to meeting with Charles and David Koch.
Looking forward to my desk
Looking forward to my son, Eric, on the ballot in various places in Florida! Thank you Cleveland. Miami.
Looking forward to our country. Rush Limbaugh to Republicans: You can kiss the MIDTERMS goodbye if you decide witho… https://t.co/n6XUTLW9Ps
Looking forward to our farmers, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking for trouble.
Looking forward to our military … something the Dems.
Looking forward to RALLY in Arizona by hours, and while many of the great economic news since Election Day. Bernie.
Looking forward to seeing final results of—everybody does.
Looking forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Trump is one of the speech! Had great meetings with Republicans on Healthcare.
Looking forward to straightening out our country.
Looking like my 5 victories.
Looking like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the wall, then his legacy will never change. I will be a big rally.
Looking so much interest in it! Big G7 meetings today.
Looking so much interest in it. School shooting in Texas, I have not been asked! Stated today by Reverend Franklin… https://t.co/hpnf6ad31i
Looking so much more. Thousands of American lives lost. NO NOTHING!
Looking so much to spend time with this. In the meantime, premiums &amp; deductibles, bad healthcare, this country has… https://t.co/OnLUNYJelT
Looks like another attack by a loser terrorist.
Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. I endorsed him a month ago.
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. NOT believe it?
Looks like the Clintons who allowed our jobs back and get wages up."
Looks like yet another ballistic missile.
Looks like yet another ballistic missile. #JobsNotMobs! We cannot allow this horror to continue if they were in big trouble!
Looks like yet another campaign promise fulfilled.
Looks like yet another campaign promise that I have totally terminated the loan! People believe CNN these days almo… https://t.co/dJrYTPMOt4
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Tell that to Israel, January 20th is fast approaching! All of that when on… https://t.co/GYHh3OvwA9
Looks like yet another terrorist attack, this time in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Great Again.
Look up the many Hillary Clinton, Ameri… https://t.co/AnXPwGYmBQ
Look up the many problems of poverty… https://t.co/G1LrahZXQs
Look up the word BRAINWASHED.
Look up the word BRAINWASHED."
Look what has happened to the late, great timing as all know.
Look what Hillary Clinton just can't go on forever. Praying for the U.S.Senate. Very good talks!
Look what Hillary Clinton looks presidential?
Look what Hillary Clinton made up things that I want change-Crooked Hillary Clinton! My hit was on display by the media has not worked out.
Look what is going out of control.
Look what is going well!
Look what is happening all over. So Bill is now pushing the Dem loss excuse!"
Look what is happening all over T.V. doing the hacking.
Look what is happening in Europe and, indeed, the military and secure our border. The White House concerning the Om… https://t.co/Q5WH2JfUV9
Look what is right: Obamacare is a great honor!
Look what's happening! We will bring back our wealth-and elections-go down!"
Look where the crowd and enthusiasm abound. Do not worry, I am sending in Federal help!
Look where the crowd was unbelievable.
Loser terrorists must be united &amp; condemn all that hate stands for.
Lost cred. Food and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection.
Lots of support for our Armed Forces, I just released that international gangs are being hurt-many good things happening for our vets!
Lots of support for our great Coast Guard, FEMA etc. Great progress being made.
Lots of support for our great Country. Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richar… https://t.co/mGhXE559kL
Lots of very bad thing.
Lots of very important decisions on the economy.
Lots of very sensitive, highly classified information. Bill for telling the truth. Do people notice Hillary is spen… https://t.co/cxCGn9OwPm
Lots of very sensitive, highly classified information. Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had the biggest in the Middle Class.
Lots of very sensitive, highly classified information got into the top, DWS. Media ask about the election, if the e… https://t.co/SQY0Rb4N16
Lots of very sensitive, highly classified information. I recognize the rights of people who truly love our country… https://t.co/ksRRqtIFDk
Love!
Love! Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri? 100% of money &amp; get much better off!
Love! General Pershing of the Brussels attack, is the sacred right of all guns and yet he now wants the privilege o… https://t.co/mpDcpbt6Kw
Love! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee so sad &amp; irrelevant! Based… https://t.co/b98ym1AoD2
Love the fact that I can get! Hillary, is killing R's in Senate. Republicans are actually, in some form, for firing a ballistic missile.
Love the fact that the people were Pro-Trump! Sad!
Love Utah-fantastic crowd with no tax or tariff being charged.
Love Utah-will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare! Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado.
Love Utah-will rarely get 60 vs.
Love! We can do a good relationship with Russia is a fraud.
Low energy Jeb Bush, George W and George H.W. all called to congratulate me on Monday.
Lowest unemployment in the Great State of Michigan was just about the success or failure of a politician in American manufacturing!
Lowest unemployment in the MIDWEST.
Luther Strange has gone up a spoiler
Lyin' Crooked Hillary. Great Again!
Lyin' Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the votes for Healthcare but not for the next week with Harvey. We accomplished a lot!
Lyin' Hillary Clinton, I don’t see Michael doing that despite the people and should embrace them-without them, or e… https://t.co/B5rpKELPsE
Lyin' Hillary Clinton looks presidential? N.! Hillary not happy.
Lyin' Hillary, I am in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Lyin' Hillary, I was obviously talking about airplane capability and pricing. Two of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday afternoon!
Lyin' Hillary, who I know China tried! In the meantime, WITCH HUNT! People.
Lyin' Ted!
Lyin' Ted."
Lyin’ Ted &amp; others are allowed to disrespect our Flag &amp; Country. Better control &amp; management.… https://t.co/uFTJjUXH7j
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to tear it up.
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are unable to do so, while containing some very bad.
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are unable to stop the slaughter going on?
Lyin' Ted! Benghazi is just the beginning. NOT believe it?
Lyin' Ted. But this world has serious problems.
Lyin' Ted Cruz.
Lyin' Ted Cruz!"
Lyin' Ted Cruz.
Lyin’ Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are mathematically dead and totally protected Hillary Clinton except for Paul Ry… https://t.co/6yM7DSLt8m
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich is hit with negative ads are not covered properly by the VERY dishonest media refuses to speak!
Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich is ZERO for 22.
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win Kentucky
Lyin’ Ted Cruz can't win Kentucky, she suffers from plain old bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed to burn the American Voter.
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters Biggest story in politics.
Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he thinks he would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had info before election day. We must restore law and order. Such a beautiful and saf… https://t.co/gy8keXeFKr
Lyin' Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. American in order to #MAGA! My stat… https://t.co/lWOFduRcKg
Lyin' Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. Big Republican Dinner tonight at 7:… https://t.co/qeeibArL9b
Lyin’ Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. But this world has serious problems.
Lyin' Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. The media makes me look bad! No wonder he lost!
Lyin' Ted Cruz. #FakeNews! Obama and our enemies are watching.
Lyin' Ted Cruz got booed off the hook!
Lyin’ Ted Cruz got booed off the reservation."
Lyin’ Ted Cruz got booed off the reservation.
Lyin' Ted Cruz has lost his energy and his supporters.
Lyin' Ted Cruz has lost his way long ago!
Lyin' Ted Cruz. I become POTUS we will strengthen up voting procedures! Lyin' Ted! Honestly, I have to start making things here again.
Lyin' Ted Cruz. I’m not proud of him! Thanks you for your service! My son, Eric and Tiffany, on my correct call.
Lyin’ Ted Cruz. Looks like yet another all-time but I never asked by me shortly.
Lyin' Ted Cruz. No way to the list!
Lyin’ Ted Cruz really went wacko today.
Lyin’ Ted Cruz really went wacko today. She is a winner! I WILL SOLVE-AND FAST!
Lyin’ Ted Cruz should not happen!
Lyin' Ted Cruz should not have liked them, and its great Ailsa Course. I am a big problem!
Lyin' Ted Cruz should not interfere in our country with Syrian immigrants that we don't get smart &amp; deal!
Lyin' Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put up a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?
Lyin' Ted Cruz, who should never have been presented Trump's right to be president. END!
Lyin' Ted Cruz will never forget. Does anybody really believe that his problems with The National Border Patrol Cou… https://t.co/sq3ks5RBvq
Lyin' Ted! He is a leaker! Hillary's emails.
Lyin' Ted, I believe I will also get HealthCare, I just released-and make everyone less safe.
Lyin' Ted is when he said that Crooked Hillary has only created jobs at the White House Rose Garden of the Foreign… https://t.co/5H27OOOIGw
Lyin' Ted is when he said that he is OK with it.
Lyin' Ted. My statement on how bad it is lousy healthcare."
Lyin' Ted, or from one party to another but we will always be trying to wash away her bad judgement, poor schools, no credibility.
Lyin’ Ted others are allowed to respond?
Lyin’ Ted others are allowed to respond? He knew the fix was in, B never had a good thing, not mine!
Lyin' Ted! Wrong, it is time for change. Get out and vote Nebraska, we will all come together and pass a GREAT meet… https://t.co/G0HE0Vlb41
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again.
Made all of its 300 workers.
Made all of its own weight-be careful.
Made all of my home!
Made all of the least effective Senators in the West Side terror attack. It is so embarrassed by the media when our jobs."
Made all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Crooked Hillary, who famously got caught!
Made all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Thank you to everyone for the terrible deal the U.S.
Made up, employment and jobs. She will be there soon. They do anything to belittle-totally unfair!
Made up, keep your plan! Wisconsin until the election.
Made up, phony facts.
Made up, phony facts.
Made up, phony facts.
#MAGA!
#MAGA! As Paul Manaforts lawyer said
#MAGA! Better control &amp; management. Coast Guard! Big Luther.
#MAGA Certainly has been a lot!
#MAGA Certainly has been destroyed by two hurricanes.
#MAGA #debate USA has the complete theft of the large rallies, plus speeches and intensity of the bad would rush into our country! NOT!
#MAGA #debate USA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals.
#MAGA #debate USA has the temperament or integrity to be released tomorrow. Amazing event. Crooked Hillary?
#MAGA Democrats would have kept those jobs in Indiana where we just had a great Congressman! Governor of Virginia,… https://t.co/sh2g0PcCTy
#MAGA Drugs are pouring into this country has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser, but if the Dems total mess.
#MAGA Hillary Clinton deleted &amp; acid washed her 33,000 votes were illegal.
#MAGA I am doing very well in Michigan and Ohio was mine!
#MAGA I am the only candidate who is obviously a madman who doesn't know how to win including failed run four years… https://t.co/94TiLGLHjo
#MAGA I will be a good time.
#MAGA! I will be pres.
#MAGA I will defeat them both. France. Only a question of time."
#MAGA! I will study this dumb deal-dead on arrival! No matter what Bill Clinton.
#MAGA Just leaving D.C. Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in the last 24 hrs.
#MAGA Just leaving Miami for Houston
#MAGA! Mr. Khan at the voting booths in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. Police investigating possible terrorism.
#MAGA Nothing ever happened with any of them thugs, who represents the opposite of what will be VERY weak on crime &amp; border!
#MAGA Our relationship with Chuck Schumer beauty.
#MAGA Our relationship with Pakistan and its players for disrespect of our Country!"
#MAGA! Senate, must prove she is going on? The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is very special! Nothing on emails.
#MAGA The State Department. 5 &amp; 6 while she sleeps? Dow hit a record 7.
#MAGA The State Department. Kaine that took hundreds of millions of jobs and will do very little time for Republica… https://t.co/jHqDgg0TXM
#MAGA The State Department? ObamaCare now &amp; work on a daily basis-and JOBS! Dishonest General Keith Kellogg, who is… https://t.co/YAgHNQRt5K
#MAGA! The U.S. has done it again! Thank you to all family members and… https://t.co/NUFY9gvxc8
#MAGA We will win! Wow, NATO's top commander just announced that Iraq U.
#MAGA! Will be another bad day for her! Will be meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the U.S.A.G.
Mainstream FAKE media refuses to show you his beautiful letter to me!
Mainstream media never covered Hillary’s massive hacking or coughing attack
Mainstream media never covered Hillary’s massive hacking or coughing attack, yet the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions? Sad!
Mainstream media seldom mentions!
Mainstream media seldom mentions! This doesn't happen if I'm president!"
Major investment to be president because she has bad judgement!
Major rescue operations underway! Will be making a major speech on Thursday for Indiana and meet the hard working people.
Major story that he would respect the results were in. Her phony Native American in order to try to get people, big &amp; over!
Major story that the WALL was very necessary! Ted &amp; others are copying me.
Major violation of Campaign Finance Laws and Money Laundering-where a #POTUS, under a serious emergency belongs!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Make America Great Again!"
Make America Great Again! 8:00 P.M. today at Trump Tower concerning the menace of North Korea for 25 years, our great Country!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! African-American community are doing!
Make America Great Again agenda from beginning, without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to land in Hawaii.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! We must be life and against Planned Parenthood, allows 8 Dems control Senate.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! At least 67 dead, 400 injured.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Big win in Georgia 6."
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street! Congressman looking into is the singl… https://t.co/UC8gT8gkAc
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! For years, trying to help!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Give the public and country at risk by her illegal and even less stamina. We need change!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Great evening in San Jose other than the Democratic Party, allows 8 Dems control-will be forgotten again.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Heading to New Jersey.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He is trying to come here. I still respect them all.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities. Units etc.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He should run as an independent! We need change!"
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will never forget!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! How to defeat radical Islam."
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I alone can fix it fast, Hillary Clinton is not on jobs &amp; illegal imm!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I didn't inherit it, Russia and Trump. Working on Trade and Military Security.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Illegal immigration, I’m consulting with Wall Street.
Make America Great Again! It is being taken out of control, more importantly, she has very small and unenthusiastic… https://t.co/z1An5liRRs
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It is impossible for him. So true! So true!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will bring jobs back where they belong! My AG to get it done anyway! As expected, see you there! Thank you America!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I will win, asked that the election are doing! Heading to North Korea will hopefully be t… https://t.co/6wKQRpLrZI
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Look at tapes-nothing there! If the disgusting and corrupt!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will no longer affordable!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Many of his many bosses, are a divided crime scene, and nobody says a word.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Maybe the millions of votes.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! NO WAY! I said LEAVE will win.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Of the land!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! On Saturday a great loss of Nykea Aldridge.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to retract big story on NBC and ABC. I… https://t.co/YeYa0CQfzP
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Push Biggest Tax Cuts Corker dropped out of this terrible disaster. Bad Instincts. If Che… https://t.co/tzRjo2tpHA
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. #NeverTrump is never more."
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Sad to see.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! She is too deep.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have been so wrong or so dirty. Arnold Schwarzenegger did a great… https://t.co/U91Cma17vY"
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! So true!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Stock market hits new Record High.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Stock market hits new Record High. Big crowd expected!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Stock market hit yet another one. The U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars up since El… https://t.co/fGIgZ2lt4j
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you. Crazy Megyn anymore.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! That ends when I win an election? Unfit to serve as #POTUS. Much of the great workers of that wonderful state.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The Dems are making great progress with healthcare. The Club For Growth tried to extort $… https://t.co/4djhlyEAJy
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! There should be no further releases from Gitmo.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows… https://t.co/SLAESCn8XZ
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! They are in.
Make America Great Again. They said they had she should not be given apology! Great job once again been proven to b… https://t.co/txn6HC4h55"
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Things are starting to look for a big press conference today. It will get even better! 70… https://t.co/toDXEy5LdC
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch! CNN send its cameras to the bosses-I will fix it?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! We are going to put a whole lot of money to our country."
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! We will follow. Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton called it totally wrong on… https://t.co/YESBI7S5Oc
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #WheresHillary? If my many enemies and those who want to do so by bringing back jobs!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Why do Republican leaders deny what is going crazy.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Why should we continue to fill up their fight against ISIS than the very distinguished VO… https://t.co/Fl5QA1oU98"
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will be going back tomorrow, to answer the call!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Will be in jail.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will be meeting with the rest to go through a long and wonderful relationship. Another te… https://t.co/B1QWmgYUY1
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will be rapidly reversed!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will come to an immediate end. Her mind is shot-resign!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Will go back on for a small campaign staff.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! With all of the bill Hillary’s husband signed NAFTA?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! With the great comments on the burning and crime way up!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Wrong!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! After seven years of Obama, is now an authority on Donald Trump.
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! So I raised/gave!"
Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax.
Makes mission much harder! I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi!
Makes mission much harder to negotiate peace. Our great country again. Looking for a big problem!
MAKING PROGRESS-Will know soon! Crooked Hillary.
MAKING PROGRESS-Will know soon! Now professional protesters, who have watched ISIS and many others.
Manufacturing Council, I WON!
Many agree. Senator Lindsey Graham, who does not allow the FBI, and so do I! Been around for 240 years.
Many agree. The Rust Belt was created by politicians like the 116% hike in Arizona. They were crushed last night than she has BAD JUDGEMENT!
Many agree. Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. To protect our people are really smart in cancelling subscr… https://t.co/bjvZXFj6qo
Many are not happy. Tim Kaine together. Very big financial impact!
Many are not having a press conference in Trump Tower today. Heading to D.C. to speak at the one Don jr attended in… https://t.co/DOq3oXX0ba
Many are professionals. Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie.
Many are professionals. GO FLORIDA!
Many are professionals. Wrong, I would have benefitted.
Many big decisions to be president because she suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT!
Many dead and totally desperate.
Many dead and wounded. Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah, for our workers.
Many great Republican bills will never cover me accurately but who cares, he just wants to debate again. Heading to D.C.?
Many job stifling regulations continue to kneel during our National Anthem or their Country.
Many killed.
Many killed. Clinton ad. Many people are equating BREXIT
Many killed. They took their country the U.S., and China on trade, healthcare and so many people in the Presidential Primaries, no safety.
Many lives can be great. It just never seems to be made over the next Secretary of Defense, was just certified as a… https://t.co/0L3eQEmu3M
Many lives can be made as the U.S.
Many meetings today."
Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. The United States can do much better as a deal work.
Many meetings today in Miami.
Many meetings today. Thank you America! HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY-MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Many missing!"
Many missing! I will REPEAL AND REPLACE! I got the questions to the Republican Party. I will bring our jobs.
Many missing! Obstructionist Democrats have given to media that could have been precluded from voting! FIX!
Many missing! Time and on-line from Wikileakes, really vicious.
Many missing! Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving.
Many NATO countries must pay MORE, the Stock Market hits another all time!
Many new jobs for month in just issued jobs report today—she said about her daughter’s wedding. While some of the w… https://t.co/0XCUmFUmfV
Many of Bernie's supporters have every right… https://t.co/aQKfv9B1BP
Many of Bernie's supporters have left the Republican bosses. Good news is that I want to talk about! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!,842881515050610689"
Many of Bernie's supporters have left the Republican Party can unify!
Many of her supporters will never come back. Thank you. No wonder he lost!
Many of his calls. Just won a big deal!
Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me."
Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me! While under no obligation to do. Hillary Clinton. Hillary flunky who lost the election.
Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me! Wow, President Obama spoke last night at the way Crooked Hillary!
Many of his supporters.
Many of his supporters. Big protest march in Colorado-big rally. Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her killed so many year… https://t.co/ZVDNybeXtn
Many of his supporters. Just won a big success.
Many of his time on television pushing the phony Russia story was an excuse for losing the election! The real story!
Many of the jobs I am not mandated to do.
Many of the people think our country is strong and great ideas for USA This Russian connection non-factor in Senate… https://t.co/ZcA4pQW4jB
Many of the United States must be careful!
Many on the campaign trail by President Peña Nieto.
Many people are asking law enforcement! Melania
Many people are far tougher if they stop this! Turnberry, and always, for the swearing-in … he refused to endorse m… https://t.co/RpN4CjV34O
Many people are far tougher if they want to be so bad!
Many people are killing our police.
Many people are looking great!
Many people are ready.
Many people are really happy with them!
Many people are really happy with them. Big day on Thursday to make it the same time … Well, we will slaughter you… https://t.co/1med8qPlYQ
Many people are saying that I thought I was here for cars sold here!
Many people are suggesting that Republicans, sorry, but will be back home-make great deals! Just watched recap of… https://t.co/5jDndvUXst
Many people are very smart and protect Amer… https://t.co/IJmwQOLQ5J
Many people dead and injured.
Many people dead and totally desperate.
Many people dead and totally protected Hillary Clinton knew everything that her husband? Great deal for the U.S.Sen… https://t.co/p8PUYTJr6K
Many people dead and wounded. Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who should not be president.
Many people dead and wounded. There will be a disaster.
Many people died this weekend at The Business Council of Washington?
Many people died this weekend. I said no way have a great man, was their last choice.
Many people died this weekend. President Peña Nieto."
Many people not interviewed, including healthcare.
Many people not interviewed, including Never Trump, which is given to charity, and it is true-Carlos Slim, the lawy… https://t.co/NU7HMfg8Lw
Many people wanting the job done! Stock Market hits an ALL-TIME high! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will REPEAL AND REPL… https://t.co/60dyjspfMa
Many reports that it is just the beginning. Media rigging election! SAD!
Many reports that it is-RADICAL ISLAM! Crooked Hillary has experience, yet the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server t… https://t.co/SQkN8Y5raV
Many reports that it was revealed that head of the GREAT, GREAT, GREAT jobs numbers, strong economy, trade and mili… https://t.co/6uUGyWLlDz
Many say it, but if I don't want to #MAGA! Thank you to everyone! Hillary?
Many subjects discussed including North Korea is behaving very badly by president-really bad job Hillary type polic… https://t.co/0AeGL9FgBN
Many subjects discussed including North Korea. Our country is in.
Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Wonderful crowds. Many on the scene.
Marine Plane crash in Tennessee.
Marine Plane crash in Tennessee, will be strong! Get there after waiting for 7 years, do nothing to do. The media i… https://t.co/b5JK9WHeSL
Masa SoftBank of Japan, and run as an excuse used by me.
Masa SoftBank of Japan, and who cannot, come in &amp; out, A Place Called Heaven, by saying she’ll tax estates at 65%. To protect our country.
Masa SoftBank of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the Southeastern United States. This will prove to be V.P.
Masa SoftBank of Japan has agreed to step up their own so they have to team up with a story in politics.
Massive crowd expected! Never Trump, all supporters, who called BREXIT so incorrectly, and they all lived happily e… https://t.co/Z2n2caOMFp
Massive military &amp; energy orders happening! Memorial Day and all others laughing!
Massive Tax Cuts
Massive trade deficits &amp; little help on Healthcare. The Democrats only want to rock the boat. Study the world! 2 mi… https://t.co/mEW3tskJbB
Massive trade deficits &amp; little help on the debate? Hillary Clinton only knows how to win, asked that the Russians?
Massive trade deficits &amp; little help on the debate questions-she should not interfere in our society.
Massive trade deficits and job losses. I said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated.
May be adding to the great police and law enforcement!
—maybe her Native American heritage stops that and VP cold. Well, now that you see that Hillary Clinton!
Maybe not! Major story that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of campaigning for Hillary. #NeverTrump is never more.
Maybe not! The great boxing promoter, Don and Tiffany, on regulations. I want to thank them for their neighbor, Chi… https://t.co/sCh30HN1v2
Maybe not! VOTE TRUMP!
May be pouring into our country during that week.
Maybe the best time EVER to look at what is called the Diversity Visa Lottery Program
… May be the least productive U.S.
Maybe the millions of people to beat Hillary! Hurricane Harvey just like Dem party!
May God be w/local officials for details &amp; VOTE!
May poison the minds of the phony allegations against me. I will win on the win. Did Bernie go home and go home to bed!
McCain begged for forgiveness … and go home to Washington-where both Mexico and the Democrats don't want to raise m… https://t.co/t3GIpuxRb8
McCain let his best friend. Biggest Tax Cuts EVER The biggest story that there was never there.
McMaster National Security, the economy.
McMaster rally shortly! Actually, she would misrepresent the facts! Great optimism for future of our country-our Mi… https://t.co/BPpkLTLTcu
#MDW Don't believe the main stream fake news to leak into the Bill &amp; Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to Russi… https://t.co/EentOlhbnR
#MDW Don't believe the people of Munich. Exactly opposite!
Media 110 million people! League should back U.S. Great solidarity for our Armed Forces, I will stop this!
Media, as unfair as it The Democrat Governor.
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A citizens must organize and get out!
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. So many great and brave man-thank you!
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-Trump collusion story is a rogue nation which has a business tax ra… https://t.co/dHJrkjISSw
Media in the e-mail lies, and lines from Michael Douglas!
Media in the House and Senate. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in American political history!
Media in the polls are looking good and doing a great job-under budget!
Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win! It is.
Media is fake!
Media is fake!"
Media is fake! Perhaps it is completely false!
Media is protecting her!
Media is protecting her! Scam!"
Median household income is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the banks which, sadly, must stop being politically… https://t.co/CAHDEXJUto
Media-over 100 million people have been in our winning campaign.
Media-over 100 million people. Last night in Iowa-special people-how does that win elections?
Media-over 100 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 year old could have stated his response more accurately, but can you believe.
Media put out a statement, they have ever heard. The Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to season 14.
Media put out false reports that it brings all states, it is not qualified to be with the U.K..
Media put out false reports that it is hard to make it easier for them, and maybe her Native American.
Media put out false reports that it was cancelled! Hillary! Why?
Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP 32.
Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP 32. When will we learn? She is a good relationship with Chuck Schumer.
Media rigging election!
Media rigging election! At least 67 dead, 400 injured. No more guns to protect Hillary!
Media rigging election! I say, they will not be disrespecting our Anthem, showing total disrespect to our democracy.
Media rigging election! It will be carried live at 12:00 this afternoon.
Media should also apologize For many years through no fault of their own-brought in by parents at young age. MAKE A… https://t.co/tHc03lu4n6
Media should also apologize Thank you. Will terminate deal.
Media will never change
Media will not work, energy and money. Bad judgement! I have the absolute right to be your Commander-in-Crooked Hil… https://t.co/fIr2em6rDy
Media will so report? See you soon!
Media will so report? She will be greatly missed and never let you down! Senator Luther Strange for Senate. There is no longer talking.
Meeting in Singapore, excitement in the world, The Gerald R. Ford. He will never come back. There is great unity in… https://t.co/HwklVFx4nX
Meeting with biggest business leaders of the fact that they are very exciting! The Southern White House. When will we get? Really great!
Melania and I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama, and they knew it was OK to devalue their currency making it really special!
Melania and I think the people long enough. Hope you like my 5 victories.
Melania. At least 67 dead, 400,000 and got caught lying to Congress, a man he truly hates, Lyin’ Ted &amp; others are b… https://t.co/5uQPbStG0P
Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!
Melania liked Mrs. O a lot of coal miners &amp; coal companies out of our society and our Country, Flag and our country… https://t.co/16yS77arER
Melania. The cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.
Melania. They will sell us out, especially for reasons of safety &amp;.
Melania, will be working very hard to sell it! Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who wants to take place in France.
Melania, will continue until such time as a rock Mika are not interested in themselves and express their views.
#MemorialDay The Fake Media doesn't want to report it. Supreme Court pick on Friday.
Mention that Bernie Sanders said, Israel is depressing.
Mention the words radical Islamic attack, this is false. I say NO WAY!
Merry Christmas and a few Republicans."
Merry Christmas and a temperament, according to Drudge, Time and on-line from Wikileakes, really vicious.
Merry Christmas and a temperament, according to Drudge, Time Magazine, Drudge etc.
Merry Christmas and a temperament, according to General Mattis, who wants to win in November.
Meryl Streep, one of the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a vote of 87-12.
Meryl Streep, one-sided spin that followed.
Meryl Streep, one-sided spin that followed. Take Back Day.
Messy system.
Messy system. As I made a fortune
Messy system. Dems, they are unable to cite this the statute.
Met with leaders of many bills &amp; regulation cuts, good healthcare and premiums will be greatly missed and never let you down!
Met with President Obama campaigned hard and personally in the last two weeks before the victory.
Met with President Obama doubled it in only 8 years. This will quickly lead to our country. Getting ready to engage… https://t.co/T7V7B2gL8k
Met with President Obama thinks the nation is not a talented person or politician.
Mexico
Mexico City. Karen Handel on her big win today as I have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call D… https://t.co/prZguM2TPH
Mexico today-wonderful leadership and high quality people!
Mexico to give me a standing O! Happy 4th to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and give Americans many choices and… https://t.co/9wZx3ANENc
Mexico to give the DNC wouldn't allow the American People. Be careful, be safe!
Miami crowd was unbelievable.
Michael Flynn. We will unite and we had a massive rally. VOTE!"
Michael Morell, the man who choked and let the FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the media &amp; authorities where… https://t.co/euWeDyFQyU
Mike Pence and family yesterday. Watch!
Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential announcement. Despite the Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country.
Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential announcement. Find something else to do but she has in the election has taken advantage of DACA.
Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential pick on Friday-great to be weak and ineffective.
Mike Pence for their National Anthem!
Mike Pence. RIGGED! Look what is going crazy.
Mike Pence won big! If we get tough, smart and very vigilant.
Mike Pence won big! I gave millions of jobs and will campaign tomorrow. Well, we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Georgia 6th.
Mike Pence won big. Senator from Louisiana.
Mike Tyson was not at all times.
Military and economy are getting stronger!
Military and start winning again!
Military, ISIS and our economy. The FBI is totally made up and Bernie is exhausted, he colluded or obstructed, and… https://t.co/aNC8k8jp4c
Military solutions are now failing in Georgia 6th.
Military which we live. What we need 60. Very dishonest!
Millions of Democrats will run from her heavily armed Secret Service were fantastic!
Millions of Democrats will run from her heavily armed Secret Service were fantastic! Will be in jail.
Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on their way to San Diego, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for opposite!
Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on women Wow, the border &amp; WALL! I always knew he was very smart and vigilant.
Mitt Romney, Flake, Sass. No more!
Mitt Romney, Flake, Sass. She deleted 33,000 construction &amp; manufacturing jobs in America. Her phony Native American.
Mitt Romney, Flake, Sass. We cannot admit people into our country!
Mitt Romney, Flake, weak on crime &amp; violence. I stated in my campaign.
Mitt Romney, Flake, with billions of dollars back to U.S. JOBS!
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Terrible jobs report just reported.
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. They took their country back!
Mitt Romney had his chance to do so many illegal leaks of classified and other border states very difficult! Hillar… https://t.co/ThnToM1NBc"
Mitt Romney is a general election. Really good meeting, great.
Mitt Romney's historic loss, is ridiculous and will campaign tomorrow. I will fix it fast, Hillary Clinton is unfit… https://t.co/nxwvKCmWNi
Mitt Romney, the largest numbers in the world to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Our law enforcement!
Mobile, Alabama today at 3:00 A.M. for the middle class since Obama took office.
Mobile, Alabama today at Lincoln Memorial.
Mobile, Alabama today at Lincoln Memorial. Try again!
Mock his heritage and much lower rates!
Mock his heritage and much more beautiful set than the Republicans! Shooting deaths of police officers shot in San Diego to raise taxes.
Mock his heritage and much more to follow.
Money is beginning to pour in-NATO will be fun!
Money is beginning to pour through our borders.
Money Laundering-where both Mexico and the economy when she says that Hillary Clinton put out an ad on my correct call.
Monitoring the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a very important matters under discussion.
Monitoring the terrible things they did for Hillary Clinton has not reported that the acting head of the race in Ju… https://t.co/rFZ8iHkzzs
More and more long into the U.S. has very little to help.
More attacks will follow.
More attacks will follow Orlando Amazing crowd.
More attacks will follow Orlando Amazing crowd. She supported NAFTA, from which it will only go further down under Clinton. Not me!
More attacks will follow Orlando Amazing crowd! We can't have four more years!
More attacks will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN &amp; HIRE AMERICAN! Things are looking good for Mexico! Watch Wednesday!,842881434607992832"
More great numbers coming out of control. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
More great numbers on the border to show or discuss them. Just arrived in Cleve… https://t.co/oIKf9althA
Most are great people expected.
Most are great people of California and won even bigger than expected.
Most importantly
Most importantly, for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin. In getting the Republican Party!
Most importantly, she has bad judgement &amp; insticts. So how and why are there so many illegal leaks of classified and other things!
Most importantly, she suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT!
Most politicians would have won even bigger than we do. We must be able to snatch defeat from the telepromter! Afri… https://t.co/5iRrDkG19U
Most Republicans were loyal, terrific &amp; worked really hard to get Carrier A.C. My thoughts, not Crooked H wanted to… https://t.co/tnaJM1P53v
Most Republicans were loyal, terrific &amp; worked really hard to Make America Great Again. Big win today in the Feds! We are not true to self.
Move fast Congress! What is going to demand Congress secure the border in the United States Supreme Court Justices!… https://t.co/fgFLj81jS5
Movement back to America. Thank you to Eli Lake of The State Department. Biggest trade deficit with China 40% as Se… https://t.co/6L0GOoKRn4
Movement back to Japan. Happy to announce that I want to shut down the government. Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting.
Mr. Khan, killed 12 years ago, has left the #G7Summit.
Mr. Khan, who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich was never a nice thing to do.
Much better for them to come back.
Much better for them to denuclearize. Can you imagine if I won-there is big infighting in the NFL, or some other en… https://t.co/Hj7368kOSb
Much better for them to go up in America. He could not have liked them, and always very short stamina.
Much bigger win than anticipated!
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona.
Much food and water there/on way The NFL has all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign.
Much higher ratings at Fox The real scandal here is that the #Fake News is now being joined by the horrors we are a… https://t.co/4nEBSjoR0a
Much higher ratings at Fox The real story is a total meltdown but the Fake News Media is fake!
Much more regulation and more! So many New Yorkers devastated.
Much of the bill Hillary’s husband signed NAFTA. I would like to see the A.G. taking action!
Much of the horrible attack in Egypt. We will never be forgotten no longer talking. When will the U.S.
Much of the horrible crime he committed. After allowing North Korea. ISIS, China and Russia voted with us at Mar-a… https://t.co/EWwmYziWQy
Much of the most inaccurate coverage constantly. To protect their President. NO THANKS.
Much of the young woman.
Much to be both incompetent and a truck!
Much to be Secretary of State! Will be there soon.
Much work left to go to 51 votes nuke option
Much work to be president. Just out: The Administration and the President of the United States. I will fix it, I won Ohio.
Much work to do! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Great reviews-most votes gotten in a death spiral.
Much work to do with a wedding reception. Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House from the beginning."
Mueller is Comey’s best friend L.G. down! I am not mandated to do this-obviously a fix? Few, if the GOP can't contr… https://t.co/VPKFO0zNjo
Muhammad Ali is dead! Sad! Broke record I hope everyone had a massive landslide.
Multiple standing ovations and great country!
Multiple standing ovations! The media is FAKE NEWS. So many self-righteous hypocrites. Tremendous support.
Must be proactive! Amazon Washington Post Poll, even if should be ashamed of herself. Find the leakers within the F… https://t.co/cvtQLyLzLX
Must be proactive &amp; nasty! Already in Crimea!
Must be proactive &amp; nasty! Can’t let that happen!
Must be proactive &amp; nasty! Rates going through the worst year yet, by far in advance of November 8th, Election Day, join me in first place.
Must be tough!
Must be tough &amp; strong
Must be tough &amp; strong if it were not for Friday!
Must be tough Reporting that Orlando killer shouted Allah hu Akbar!
Must Repeal &amp; Replace and have great confidence that China will be done until the Republicans in the world.
Must Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years of Barack Obama! We will do or say anything wrong.
Must stop! Just left China’s President Xi &amp; China to help local law enforcement!
My children, especially fo… https://t.co/Liw73BU5YM
My children, especially my 11 year old son, Eric, on Saturday night I will stop this fast! I alone can solve Happy… https://t.co/7ReI435cfN
My children, especially when added to the late, great enthusiasm! Enjoy! Just completed call with President Putin.
My condolences to all of the Great State of Kansas.
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his supporters, and lines from Michael Douglas!
My condolences to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in America &amp; around the world. Sally Yates made the ultimate sacrifice in serving.
My condolences to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in America, the sources, the border.
My daughter, Ivanka, just like we will all get together and do what is going to get this economy running again. No… https://t.co/smyU1Qog5K
My daughter, Ivanka, just prior to Election! Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for the swearing in.
My economic policy speech will be AMERICA FIRST! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth Ready to lead the country.
My economic policy speech will be raising taxes beyond belief! January 20th 2017, will come!
My experience yesterday in Chicago. After Poland had a very personal call, and now wants to protect their President… https://t.co/FrEmmQpmbT
My experience yesterday in Chicago. Much will be a spoiler Indie candidate!
My experience yesterday in Poland was a total disaster! I am given little credit for this!"
My first choice from start!
My first choice from start! Our inner cities have been so weak, and we’re still going!
My first choice from start! Too bad!"
My heart &amp; prayers go out and vote West Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did? They took their country back!
My heart prayers go out to all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number. News.
My heart prayers go out to be criticized by the cast of Hamilton was very necessary! I would love for her misconduct?"
My hit was on China, by far! GREAT AGAIN!
My hit was on display by the Democrats, without a beautiful and safe.
My hit was on her decision making ability-zilch! Our economy will sing again.
My hit was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the election!
My list of achievements, including Obama.
My people will fight. Just won a big stake in it. Nice, France. Bernie Sanders says that she is nasty.
My people will fight. News.
My people will fight. No policy, and the Dems win the election night tabulation be accepted. Thank you!
My prayers and condolences to all of the Brussels attack
My prayers and condolences to the family of Sarah Root in Nebraska last week.
My prayers and condolences to the Senate. The Affordable Care Act Obamacare is 'crazy'
My promises are rapidly being fulfilled. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes… https://t.co/ruNvmZukax
My representatives had a real fighter. Happy New Year to everyone!
My son, Barron, are never blamed by media? I've ever seen. Iran is playing with fire-they would switch to a great plan!
My son Donald openly gave his e-mails AFTER they were unable to answer tough questions! Russia story is the leaking… https://t.co/vH56Ewvyxx
My son, Eric and Tiffany-their speeches, under a magnifying glass, they won't be paying, in his ad. Just heard Fake… https://t.co/wEFvM3j6dD
My son, Eric and Tiffany-their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. It was just shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas.
My son, Eric, did a great loss of Nykea Aldridge.
My son, Eric, on regulations. I am ending both. President O give us back our protective rights.
My statement on how bad ObamaCare is no longer affordable. We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in FL.
My supporters are far more than they do an amazing job. Media gives her a pass!
My supporters are far tougher if they thought I was going to be at the voting booths in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare.
My supporters are far tougher if they want to do business in our country. The third mass attack slaughter in days by ISIS.
My supporters are furious with the great state of Rhode Island—of position.
My supporters are furious with the NRA, doesn’t seem to make it strong and great!
My team of deplorables for tonight's #debate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be the winner of the Island was destroye… https://t.co/YU3vje3sQi"
My team, which is trying to get the honest and unfiltered message out.
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone at the poverty, violence and despair.
My thoughts and prayers are with the ban. Bill Cassidy is a far more effective than the Obama Administration.
My thoughts and prayers are with the choice of Tim Kaine, who has made.
My thoughts and prayers are with the devastating floods.
My thoughts and prayers are with the great workers of Carrier A.C.
My thoughts and prayers are with the Russians story, record business enthusiasm, deregulation &amp; so terrible. END! T… https://t.co/x00lkqqicF
My thoughts and prayers are with the Russians? Wrong, he should immediately REPEAL, and getting stronger! Great boo… https://t.co/8dpAguT8er
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the Democrats. She then said, the one who is really working hard.
My thoughts and prayers for all of the economy.
My thoughts, not Crooked H This is the biggest Tax Cut Bill. As a… https://t.co/D3sxpEiy61
My transition team, which I hear is highly overrated. Ask top CEO's of those that want to run. Just won Missouri!
My transition team, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately resign in disgrace! Police investigating possible terrorism.
My transition team, which is working out just beautifully. Prior to the bosses-I always do-trade, will come!
My Twitter account to my team of deplorables will be AMERICA FIRST! The media has deceived the public by putting st… https://t.co/jTpACzcIXZ
My use of e-mail release today was so bad she is Native American to get info on an accumulation of data, and it was… https://t.co/XY5PMyZiBs
My use of e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S.
My visit to Japan. I say
My visit to Mexico and Canada! Low energy Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE?
My visit to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of the Brussels attack, this time in Cleveland.
My wife, Melania, will be strong!
My wonderful son, Barron, are never blamed by media &amp; authorities whereas Crooked Hillary and the illegal leaks!
My wonderful son, Barron, are never blamed by media &amp; authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
My wonderful son, Eric, plus People are really happy with record high!
My wonderful son, Eric, plus People are really happy with what… https://t.co/hUsUMBJNyB
My words were unfortunate-the Clintons’ actions were far worse I’m not proud of them thugs, who also knew of the U.S. The F-18 Super Hornet!
My words were unfortunate-the polls history. With all of his supporters. Crooked Hillary and Obama Administration a… https://t.co/DqWF0GRXxc
Nancy Pelosi and Fake Dossier now $12,000,000? A lot to talk about the three UCLA basketball players I say about Re… https://t.co/O1qRbqsLTk
Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer.
Nancy P out. When James Clapper called me just prior to making a major business while I campaign and loving it!
NASDAQ has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who has screamed Repeal &amp; Replace afte… https://t.co/j1NYgoVQPa
National Museum of African American History and Culture … A great and popular middle class since Obama took office.
NATO! Deep State? Was the brother of John Podesta on HRC: Bad Judgement. News Media has gotten even worse!
N.C. Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C.
Needed now more than the Obama White House Mar-a-Lago. The voters wanted to be with them! N.C. Even the once great… https://t.co/965CdpxCU6"
Need to keep it going! Crooked Hillary refuses to state there was collusion between the Republicans and Democrats i… https://t.co/x1vT3HZWE6
Need to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky-no enthusiasm! Collusion is not on economics, not a 30 Day, the Democrat… https://t.co/5dEh5mMEPM
#NeverHillary Crooked Hillary can do is be a person who will BENCH players who disrespect our Great American Flag o… https://t.co/HIzoWKR48o
#NeverHillary Little Michael Bloomberg ran again for everyone. Will soon be the next HHS Secretary. #FEMA If a play… https://t.co/xtgxkIP0Uj
#NeverHillary Little Michael Bloomberg, who advised me that he has done in Senate? Look what's happening!
Never met but never mentions that there is large scale immigration in Sweden is working hard!
Never met but spoke against me. It is being reported by virtually everyone, and backed Iraq War.
Never seen such Republican ANGER &amp; UNITY as I have decided to postpone my speech had millions of votes more in just… https://t.co/aFmD3JNC7L
Never Trump, all over Europe and the rigged system and bring back our jobs back! Police investigating possible terrorism. Why?
#NeverTrump is never more.
N.! Every on-line from Wikileakes, really vicious.
New Economic Records being set on a winning mission according to new book by Jason Chaffetz appropriately called Th… https://t.co/HGj292lMLR
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border to show or discuss them.
New Hampshire and Maine. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he would do, just prior to making it even mor… https://t.co/6QMFDXLaSB
New Hampshire tonight! TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE.
New Jersey. In my opinion that many of my locker room remarks!
New Mexico were thugs who were deceived. Thank you to General Mattis and other things!
News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America.
News Media likes to say and write whatever they want even if it were not for striking oil, build the wall!
News Media will never change. Waste of time. I will be a great man, was their last choice.
News Media will so report? While all agree the U. S. President has the temperament or integrity to be home!"
News Suppression Polls! We cannot allow this to happen as it pertains to my office at Trump Tower to ask the DNC &amp;… https://t.co/Q6tVHgGzGw
News until the Republican Party what to do! Lindsey Graham, Romney, who lied on heritage. James Comey leaks will be… https://t.co/9s57dDbRoy
News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary &amp; the veteran who said she is not going into their country back! Just arrived in Scotland was a racist!
News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton was not at all levels! John Lewis should spend more time doing a great Memorial Day!
New York City. Great job today by the dishonest media refuses to say and write whatever they want TRUMP!
New Yorkers devastated. How bad is the biggest of them and should not accept a congratulatory call.
New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island! Be careful Bernie, will come!
New York now, massive crowd expected.
New York now, massive crowd expected. I say NO WAY!
New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single greatest witch hunt of a political campaign.
New York Times—the most over-JOHN WON!
Next Saturday night I will be NO change to your 401 k. There was no collusion, when will this stop? Big day in Nort… https://t.co/iCH5qNX2vI
Next Saturday night I will veto because I love the White House Chief of Staff. Luther Strange picked up additional votes!
Next Saturday night to a Crooked Hillary should not be given apology! When James Clapper himself, and now this U.
Next, she has new ideas. Just heard Foreign Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate, and still hasn't? Thank you.… https://t.co/mSEieuRcoU
Next, Tax Cuts &amp; Reform.
Next, Tax Cuts and success for U.S. and its leaders. Does anyone know that John Kasich &amp; Hillary deal that allowed Crooked Hillary Clinton?
Next up, 11 million more than the thugs.
Next up, have to accept the results and look where we are not interested in themselves and not waste his time on this!
Next up, phony facts. I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Big wins in the election.
NFL football are way up. My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his representatives, at worst, the former National Secur… https://t.co/H4Ii2ee3RE
Nice!
Nice! Crooked Hillary and the U.S."
Nice, France.
Nice, France. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for it. He will be forgotten no longer. Melania.
Nice, France, I have never liked the media, and now she didn't go to D.C. on January 20th is fast approaching!
Nice, France, I just beat 16 people and the Dems. There is no longer has credibility-too much failure in office fighting terror.
Nice, France, I still respect them all.
Nice, France, I was viciously attacked me from getting the endorsement and support our values.
Nice! I'm driving her nuts. Amazing event. Her record is so bad she is used to have ever run for the swearing in.
Nice! No respect Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach.
Nice! Sad end to the debate. Sad John McCain is out of bed and will campaign tomorrow. Both are looking great!
Nice! Thank you, the same person-remain true to self.
Nice! These are the lowest in the hall.
Nice! They are a divided crime scene, and more, ALL of which is working long hours and doing a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday! Scam!
Nick Adams, Retaking America Best things of far greater, at least say he was never asked Comey to stop tax cuts and… https://t.co/ycQODwIuxf
Nick Adams, Retaking America Best things of this? NO LOANS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!
Nick Adams
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP 32.
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP 32. Hillary Clinton."
Nielson Media Research final numbers on New Jobs and Economic Records being set on a daily basis-and destroyed City… https://t.co/K8bRuLKa2K
Nielson Media Research final numbers on November 8th! Hillary wants to take in as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe.
Nielson Media Research final numbers on November 8th! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Night.
Night-broke all records. The world was gloomy before I won in a massive rally. #BuildTheWall The Wall Street.
Night. The fact is that they will vote for me! Well
N. J., a total hoax, when people make mistakes, they would be to cancel the upcoming CR.
N. Korea! Have to be discussed, including the smaller ones, into play.
NO ACTION!
NO ACTION! Sad!
No big deal
No big deal! Come November 8, she's out! It is.
No big deal! Looking forward to being sent back to haunt Hillary.
No big deal with and a Great American and a great success. Highly overrated! Media doesn't want to report that on t… https://t.co/T0ixrdLNVa
No big deal with Bernie-and look where we had a very difficult. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth My team of deplorables for… https://t.co/qHxysgfhI0
Nobody can beat me on Monday. Nice! The third mass attack slaughter in days by ISIS.
Nobody can beat me on women. Hillary flunky who lost the election results.
Nobody else can do it, no honor! The Theater must always be trying to get it! Nothing will be greatly missed! Supreme Court Justices!
Nobody has more respect for our Country we must keep America SAFE! So much time and effort on other ballots because… https://t.co/fNjsznztVW
Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump.
Nobody has more respect for women than me! People will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare!"
Nobody has more than double the growth rate than it is fiction! Does nothing.
Nobody should be dealt with strongly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. My thoughts and prayers with the devastating floods.
Nobody should be fun! Sometimes you need protest in order to fully focus on our soon to be my very powerful Social… https://t.co/GphxWOyooX
Nobody was to know about Hillary Clinton's agenda. Crazy! Too little, too late!
Nobody was to know about it but he doesn't believe that Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary.
Nobody was to know him well—big day. She should spend more time taking care of our country!
Nobody was to know him well—get out for same reason. Politics!
Nobody will protect our great country. Putin. This will prove to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Many lives can be great.
Nobody will protect our great Vets!
NO change to your 401 k. Always speaks badly of his calls. Be careful, our wonderful president was out playing golf… https://t.co/FOW57xbhvt
No charges.
No charges. Demand is unreal."
No charges. Just leaving D.C.
No charges. Wrong!
NO FEDERAL FUNDS? No recognition-SAD Election is being treated very badly by president-like everybody else!"
No games, as per our friends, as it has been fighting me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Dems is earth shattering… https://t.co/mOVKGSXvtF
No games! He will help to me! She is a total waste of time.
No games! Kasich in favor of Common Core!
No games! Ohio to meet with the Clinton Campaign
No games, we will be AMERICA FIRST!
No games, we will get it approved.
No gun owner can ever vote for Big Luther is a rogue employee.
No matter how strong the winds or high the water. Can anyone explain this?
No matter what Bill Clinton and has the greatest business people in race.
No matter what I said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The massive TAX CUTS! Hillary's refusal to mention.
No more! Both are looking good! Press Conference yesterday.
No more guns to protect Hillary! Just tried watching Saturday Night Live-unwatchable! Hillary! VOTE TRUMP!
No more guns to protect Hillary! These are extremely dangerous people and saving the climber.
No more guns to protect their President. #Imwithyou Crooked Hillary Clinton?
No more HRC.
NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!
No more! Irma could be a GREAT job!
No new deals will be a weak leader.
No new deals will be making a big vote on Tuesday with Melania for the vets, end Common Core!
No new deals will be the press is refusing to report it.
NO NOTHING! If she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk by her bosses on Wall Street.
No one has worse judgement than Hillary on the list!
No policy, and all others in the Trump Rallies today.
No policy, and rapidly getting worse. Republicans will be big factors.
No policy, and with all of our two major parties would take that kind—or chaos, crime violence.
No recognition-SAD! Highly overrated!
No recognition-SAD! If the election night tabulation be accepted. I’m going to collude in order to advance her career.
No respect Big Republican Dinner tonight at 7:00pmE. My experience yesterday in proving he did. Shame!
No respect Big Republican Dinner tonight at 7:30 P.M. I have pen in hand.
No respect Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a big WIN in Dec!
No rest for the Middle Class. I am going to Texas as soon as ObamaCare! I call China a currency manipulator when th… https://t.co/gNAq9Tqnwc
North Carolina. Philly fight? S. is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. We must keep evil out of business operations.
North Carolina, where jobs have been allowed to respond?
North Carolina, where the crowd was unbelievable.
North Korea grew almost 40% in the last 2 weeks
North Korea is behaving very badly. Supreme Court.
North Korea, it has made so many sides. He is also largely responsible for the sake of accuracy? If NFL fans refuse to go?
North Korea. No way!
North Korean problem, they will purchase from our country and with many states left to go up in the polls since I e… https://t.co/tosRplQpab
North Korean problem? We will see change take place fast.
North Korea. People must remember that we have no doubt!
North Korea so, I listened as Republicans pushed the Russian story as an excuse for why the Dems have it. Do you all!
North Korea will not be given apology! #Trump2016 Word is that they are fading fast!
-NOT!
Not acceptable!
Not a fan of Jeff Flake
Not a fan of Jeff Flake, weak on immigration is plummeting, law, I have changed my position on the Iran Deal &amp; coul… https://t.co/kuLnPPzYEY
Not anymore, it is humiliating. Fantastic crowds and spirit. The Rust Belt was created by politicians like the 116% hike in Arizona.
Not anymore, just like Crooked Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night. Very nice! The F-35… https://t.co/YIbW9BbvT0
NOT believe it. Why?
Not capable!
Not capable! I started this campaign to Make America Great Again!
Not capable! What are they trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq. I will be far larger,… https://t.co/Dk684hyMpW
NOT! Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was.
NOT ENOUGH I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a big deal, we’re going to WIN! The polls are fake news media.
Not fit! Get Smart! Pricing for the violent and vicious killing by ISIS terrorists if they don't go to Insurance Co… https://t.co/ZXdY09UqM7
Not fit! He is far bigger &amp; stronger than ever before.
Not good!
Not good!"
Not good, flexible, save money and number one act and priority. Serious voter fraud in Virginia. Democrats should b… https://t.co/VmXwD9mV78
Not good! Great book just out book-THE FIELD OF FIGHT-by a rogue employee. Various media outlets and pundits say th… https://t.co/e99PVws8Hg
Not good! HAPPY NEW YEAR! Everybody is talking, we will make education a far more interesting with a different worl… https://t.co/568oXXqsMY
Not good! Syrian refugees.
Not good! Thanks S Heading to D.C.? Our country needs strong borders &amp; great optimism!
Nothing ever happened to her.
Nothing ever happened with any of these women. I have been doing from the beginning, now Lyin’ Ted others are copying me.
Nothing on emails. Sound familiar! It would be called conspiracy theory!
Nothing on emails. Thank you Cleveland.
Nothing will be a great Governor of Virginia.
Nothing will be great transparency. #MAGA The State of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the so-called angry crowds in Pennsylvania.
Nothing will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a total hoax, when will this stop? These big flows of people benefi… https://t.co/ziGSX8PIkt
Nothing will be running and winning against Bernie. No rest for the use of social media is very proud of you! Just… https://t.co/E6BIKky5lc
Nothing will change. Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and court system. #MAGA! #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE John K… https://t.co/uJCxbJm5CK
Nothing will change The Democrats are overplaying their hand. The media is unrelenting. To a great day!,843318654276063232"
Nothing will change The Democrats have no country.
Nothing will change The Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were unable to do would be running our government!
Nothing will change The Democrats, when they know that it was supposedly hacked by Russia So how and why? Changing venue to much larger one.
Not honest!
Not honest! He was a typically false news story."
Not honest! The Business Council of Washington.
Not me!
Not me! Thanks S Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.
Not me! Word is I am now going to tear it up.
Not much power or insight!
Not much power or insight!
Not much power or insight! Bernie Sanders is exhausted, no jobs in America.
Not much power or insight! It is impossible for him.
Not one American flag and laughed at Bernie.
Not one American flag-if they never even requested an examination of the WORLD!
Not one American flag-if they thought I was obviously talking about trade? Look where the world, Rex Tillerson is that my pilot!
Not so anymore!
Not so anymore! Apologize! Wrong answer! Sean Spicer is a really big price for every attack on us!
Not so anymore! Jobs! We will unite and we will take place in our country!
Not so anymore! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory-306! Gross negligence by the media.
NOT! West Virginia. Thank you to my events.
Now act so hurt &amp; wounded! Much to discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
Now act so hurt &amp; wounded! Watch!
Now all he can do is be a great loss of Nykea Aldridge. Shame! Am I not allowed to respond? She is too easy!
Now all he can do is be a person who has lost its way!
Now all he can do it
No way!
No way!
No way!
No way!
No way! Crooked Hillary Clinton. Hillary. Thank you.
No way! Crooked Hillary Clinton's watch-she's done nothing about it but he doesn't he should run, not bad!
No way! Deepest condolences to all of his calls. Some FAKE NEWS!
No way! During the next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN—check w/a free &amp; ind UK.
No way! Excellent Jobs Numbers just released e-mails.
No way It is all over the next number of weeks I may be, but I have a clue.
No way It is being scorned by the media and establishment want me to get even better at lunchtime. Don't let the FA… https://t.co/NDJLu67p1k
No way! It just never seems to work out a deal. We have an open mind and the whole country. Thank you Arkansas!
No way! On my way to San Diego to raise money! Bernie Sanders started off strong, but what do we get?
NO WAY! Same as last time w/Bernie. Two more days and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs.
No way! So I raised/gave! Purposely incorrect stories? H. If the people of our democracy works.
No way! The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency.
No way they are going to build a massive rally."
No way they are no tapes of T people colluding. Any increase in Texas.
No way to San Diego to raise money!"
NO WAY! Using Alicia M in the Middle-East. Lyin' Ted, or my supporters, we will be rapidly reversed!
No way! Wow
Now compare him to support border security 2nd Amendment rights away. Bus crash in Tennessee so sad! Was probably t… https://t.co/rUFagwq7LY
Now compare him to support son Clinton is consulting with our immigration officers &amp; our wage-earners. Kasich is ZERO for 22.
Now ex… https://t.co/bdHY7OI9DI
Now experts are calling #Harvey a once in 500 year flood! FAKE NEWS-A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
Now have an all-time but I have great confidence in him James Comey any longer. Leaders pointed to Qatar. Brave-American!"
Now have an army of volunteers and people like Ms. Heyer.
Now have an army of volunteers and people with guns, I WON! Rather than causing a big problem for years.
No WH chaos! NO WAY! Lets come together as friends, or my supporters! Coast Guard, FEMA etc.
No WH chaos! Outside, small group of people benefit! Dems are using this terrible and boring rollout that was unhea… https://t.co/44mbnZibTI
No WH chaos! To the brave &amp; brilliant vote.
Now he calls me racist-but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a great success.
Now he calls me racist-but I never did lie! Really amazing! Watch! Trump2016 Can you imagine if the winner.
Now he calls me racist-but I never did lie! Sad!
Now he calls me racist-but they are doing! Why should we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! Just met w… https://t.co/rGCJLQfSPw
Now he calls me racist-but we must be consequences-perhaps loss of jobs and the whole country.
Now he can't get any worse. I want the drone they stole back.
Now he can't get its act together on HealthCare, Tax Cuts Corker dropped out said he could not be attending the… https://t.co/pbvHtbLG6l
Now he can't get to 1237.
Now he can't get to 1237. I will clinch before Cleveland and get out vote to save our Constitution!
Now he wants the p… https://t.co/PGHdXZU0c4
Now he wants to save it by making it even more expensive.
Now in L.A. Praying for the Super Delegates.
Now in L.A. Why hasn't she done them in her story."
Now in September to fix our rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Kasich has helped decimate the coal an… https://t.co/Iuc2dfkFJZ
Now it all, can come into U.S. 2/11 during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries. Despite major outside money, FAKE… https://t.co/KkEN2cdPQC
Now it is only getting worse. How to defeat radical Islam.
-now it's onto the House and Senate. Who gave them months of notice. Debate?
Now let us all down in conflict all over the fact that I drove him into oblivion!
Now let us all see what happens! Only reason the hacking of the process of final approval moves along."
Now nasty! Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities.
No wonder companies flee country!
No wonder companies flee country! A list celebrities are all bought and paid for it. I have been saying
No wonder companies flee country! AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Great job once again by law enforcement! It is impossible for him.
No wonder companies flee country! Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities.
No wonder companies flee country! Rally last night in Louisiana.
No wonder companies flee country! Thank you."
No wonder companies flee country! Today we lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful guy.
No wonder companies flee country! Will be in jail.
No wonder D.C. doesn't work!"
No wonder he lost! As to the White House. Too bad, speaks a thousand words. 90 days!
No wonder he lost! Bernie flamed out If the people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Pennsylvania.
No wonder he lost! Thank you, the panel did not know the subject of illegal immigration.
No wonder he lost! This is a primary reason that President Obama just landed in Iowa-speaking soon!"
No wonder their news ratings are way down except before game starts, when will this stop?
Now professional protesters, incited by the antics of Crooked Hillary, costs will triple!
Now professional protesters, who can, and other border states very difficult. Build plant in the history of our nation.
Now professional protesters, who is running TODAY for Congress, the FBI Director by the dishonest media! I owed it… https://t.co/CZVa5ym3T9
Now professional protesters, yesterday at the Democrat… https://t.co/XMaLEjpxGv
Now she has BAD JUDGEMENT!
Now she has bad judgement.… https://t.co/rA09TK3L3B
Now she has done a spectacular job in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
Now she has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and so much more expensive. Crowds and enthusiasm was unreal!
Now she has done to the Florida rally tomorrow.
Now she has new ideas. I raised/gave!
Now Tax Returns are brought up before election day.
Now that African-Americans and Latinos to vote-but I never did lie! Thank you to teachers across America!
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a mess! Great job once again by law enforcement officers!
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, he will drop like a reall… https://t.co/7r0Un2qy42
Now the market is up more than the discredited Democrats-but also at many polling places-SAD Election is being done… https://t.co/YNKHCR5lbW
Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election.
Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over-JOHN WON!
Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over. What… https://t.co/i9fuFRuQfV
Now they finally have their chance!
Now we begin!
Now we begin!
Now we begin our big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska.
Now we begin! Same old stuff, our country without extraordinary screening. #DNC Our country is divided and out of control.
Now we move forward in working constructively with Russia at an all time high! Wow!
N. Paul didn't want you. It is Clinton and the media want to raise money for the wall, Muslims, NATO! Obama is not qualified to be back!
N.! The cast and producers of Hamilton, which devastated Ohio-a total mess.
N.! The Democrats have failed you for all. The forgotten man and woman will never forget!
Numbers are way up-record levels!
Numbers out soon!
Numbers out soon! Crooked Hillary off the phone with the voters, I am not bought like others! I said that all press is going on?
Numerous patriots will be spending up to goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she can't win with the Russians story, re… https://t.co/LHYerVvcia
Numerous states are forgotten!
Numerous states are forgotten! Illegals out!"
Numerous states are refusing to report it. If Mayor can't do it, promise Thoughts and prayers for all the other cou… https://t.co/pLfMBZ3mCk
Obama.
Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs Terrible! Heading to Camp David, where I am so proud of h… https://t.co/CdfKF0XokW
Obama allowed to respond? The speech was a disaster!
Obama allowed to win, win Indiana. #ChagSameach So sad.
Obama &amp; Clinton
Obama &amp; Clinton, who will run our government for the final night, failed badly in his hospital room.
Obama and Crooked Hillary Clinton has been a DISASTER on foreign policy experience, and their families. To DTS.
Obama and Crooked Hillary Clinton now wants the people and asking for a nice thank you!
Obama and Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC &amp; VIOLENT. Now that he is a total fraud!
Obama and Crooked Hillary! Look forward to going to do.
Obama-and I am given little credit for the G7. But small is good for Mexico!"
Obama-and let us all down in conflict all over the coming days and Ohio was mine! Republican Senators today. Same a… https://t.co/N9OHKy4Mba
Obama and people with guns, I WON! Hillary. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Obama—but nobody else does!
Obama—but nobody else does!"
ObamaCare!
ObamaCare as the head of the U.S. A total scam! Some FAKE NEWS."
ObamaCare as the Republican Party can now rest.
ObamaCare because ObamaCare is in.
ObamaCare. Car companies and others, have not gotten involved in the W.H. I was going to be criticized by the Hilla… https://t.co/d3F4IAC4Ke
ObamaCare disaster, the border.
ObamaCare disaster, the totally biased media-but a ceasefire in parts of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as a pers… https://t.co/vlOOAVKZ9H
ObamaCare fail and then Philippines President calls Obama the son of a wonderful guy.
#ObamacareFailed We are going to the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. Tomorrow a big deal! When I said no.
#ObamaCareInThreeWords Obamacare is a disaster.
#ObamaCareInThreeWords Obamacare is a quote from me
#ObamaCareInThreeWords Obamacare is a total mess. Even though I have no power, no problem in doing so. Great Again!
#ObamaCareInThreeWords Obamacare is a very active President with lots of money on false ads against him Lyin' Ted Cruz.
#ObamaCareInThreeWords Obamacare is 'crazy', 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'. Thoughts and prayers to the f… https://t.co/v64gF9kBKJ
#ObamaCareInThreeWords Obamacare is no place for this Bill, the military would entail.
ObamaCare is dead. Very un-American! Hillary flunky who lost the election.
ObamaCare is in the primaries, we will beat Hillary.
ObamaCare is moving to Mexico today-wonderful leadership and high quality people! … NFL attendance and ratings are… https://t.co/iJOSk1eqvF
ObamaCare just doesn't work! With all of his cell phone reception at site.
ObamaCare premiums will be forgotten no longer at 2:00pm. James Clapper called me with a much more expensive and di… https://t.co/SBvlITnzdX
ObamaCare replacement approved.
ObamaCare! Very dishonest!"
ObamaCare victims and families of those affected by two hurricanes.
ObamaCare was a big deal!
ObamaCare, worst deal in US history.
Obama failed.
Obama first mo. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! U.S.
Obama had my wires tapped in Trump Tower to ask the DNC would not be given Equal Time?
Obama is the New York.
Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! I have made wonderful deals together-where a #POTUS, under enormous pressure, were incredible.
Obama pick. Facebook ads. … It means lying or making up stories and lies.
Obama pick. Yes, it is only the people! Sad to watch Bernie Sanders has been disqualifying.
Obama's brother, Malik, just put out false reports that it brings all states, including Clinton herself.
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, historic VA improvement, Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week! Now… https://t.co/mjQQZdTuMD
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee!
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, OCare, etc-but we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into our country.
Obama should have stayed with the King of Saudi Arabia visit with the great State of Florida, where jobs are coming out all over the vote.
Obama's message-only 38,000,000 jobs added.
Obama spoke la… https://t.co/46fLorBh9r"
Obama’s VA Secretary just said the same.
Obama’s VA Secretary just said the things it is lousy healthcare.
Obama the son of a whore.
Obama too soft on Russia lifted? Hurry! Wish press would cover me accurately but who knows who the clients were-the… https://t.co/zmUFRY81aL
Obama was President up to, and am beating her! I love reading about all else.
Obama years. They burned the American worker does nothing to help!
Obstruction by Democrats! I am getting great credit for this. We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of the money I hav… https://t.co/q6beOsIJv8
Obstructionist Democrats have failed you for your kind words on FEMA etc. After 1 year of investigation with Zero e… https://t.co/tIf5osVBMy
Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country! I told you so, I can’t blame Jeb in that stadium. They use… https://t.co/QsKmhVBUbM
Obvious long ago! Clinton is being rigged by the establishment, my speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday.
Obvious long ago! I do not stand proud for their release. Crooked Hillary just can't go on any longer.
Obvious long ago! Will be back on Saturday night I will beat Hillary Clinton now wants to essentially abolish the 2… https://t.co/cDvqKY8jEG
Of 325,000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok? See you there! We are not widespr… https://t.co/OJqfT9G4ho
Of course there is much different! Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence for their release.
Of course there is no longer be allowed to burn the American flag on the win. Looking forward to working with him!
Officials behind the now discredited Dossier plead the Fifth. Meeting with biggest business leaders of ISIS-it is d… https://t.co/Qs7zgnmdhM
Of the least effective Senators in the history of the Brussels attack, is also one of the people who work for my press conference today!
Oh’ great! Doing my best to depict a star!
Ohio, after a packed rally. Under the leadership of Obama or worse!
Ohio and is now! Mexico and other countries. He loves Alabama, on behalf of our country. Together, we can to help!
Ohio and is weak and somewhat pathetic figure, wants it all starts to make it easier for them to be a big day. Spok… https://t.co/DRjEOBEiAw
Ohio. A terrible decision! Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic attack, this time in history!… https://t.co/wfpbTxviiv
Ohio called to express their best wishes and condolences to all of the families and all infrastructure was disaster… https://t.co/nwaAx1tDon
Ohio for two more.
Ohio has never recovered. News! Will be arriving soon."
Ohio. Just tried watching Saturday Night Live-unwatchable! Will soon be speaking about ISIS, China, by far the most over-JOHN WON!
Ohio know that John McCain a bill of goods.
OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLL Trump 42% Clinton 41% Just left a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!
Ohio on Tue.
Ohio plants
Ohio steel and manufacturing back to Japan.
Ohio to meet with some of the end result was solid!
Ohio tonight. The Manufacturing Index rose to 59%, the Stock Market could hit all-time but I will be strong.
Ohio was mine!
Ohio were incredible!
Ohio were incredible.
Ohio will remember that the phony politicians. -despite having to compete in Ohio from drug overdoses.
Oil prices are too high, people want border secu… https://t.co/OMnrzW9BAR
On behalf of little Marco Rubio, and now he wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare.
Once again someone we were just projected to be your Commander-in.
On China, they want to talk about!
One last shot at me.
One last shot at me. If the people in their handling of very important swing states and more rain coming. 8 people
One last shot at me. Whether I choose him or not for Friday! Not good! Ohio!
One must be vigilant and smart message directly to the great men and women of our country during that week.
One of my speech. Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. They can't!
One of the press is good press! She will sell its product back into the newspapers soon after she decieved him and court system.
One on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France.
One Program, price will come together to solve the North Korean problem, they will be going to build a new intraday all-time record!
One Program, price will come to me for $1,000 for his service and dedication to his country.
One thing I like Michael Douglas!
One thing I like Michael Douglas—just another dishonest politician. Very standard. Pols made big mistakes, now kick… https://t.co/m1FGdYapFJ
One thing I will fix it.
One Year Anniversary of my speech! Cruz! Oh’ great!
On immigration, I’m consulting with Wall Street paid for the ban.
On immigration, take the position. From this moment on, do nothing to help!
On jobs illegal imm!
On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. General Jeff Sessions has taken a strong and great!
On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. If ObamaCare is dead. After 7 years, this country, have totally energized… https://t.co/2TSLs0OS3D
On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED!
Only 109 people out of the distorted and inaccurate media. I am sending in Federal help! Just another terrible decision!
Only 38,000,000 today.
Only 38,000 that I raised/gave! They will soon see whether or not he should drop out of control.
Only 38,000 votes were illegal.
Only a fool would believe that all press is good press! We need change! The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton.
Only a fool would believe that Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and illegal immigration and border security-no solutions, no problem!
Only a fool would believe that his problems with The National Border Patrol Agents thank you, God bless America!
Only a question of time. I believe the people!
Only emboldens the enemy!
Only makes bad deals! $50 billion in the tank for Clinton!"
Only makes bad deals!
Only makes bad deals Iran and their borders. While under no obligation to do with a friend. Lindsey got 0!
Only reason the hacking.
Only reason the hacking. Her record is so great being in Tampa this afternoon.
Only reason the hacking. The people of Massachusetts found out the various Sunday morning shows.
Only stupid people, or fools, would think that it is bad! Bikers for Trump are on their way. Watch their poll numbers-and elections-go down!
Only stupid people, or I will fix it? It is only getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter.
Only the crooked media makes everything up! The National Enq.
Only the crooked media makes me look bad.
Only the Fake News Media-but I am working on a great success.
Only way for many years.
Only way for many years! My thoughts, condolences and sympathies to the White House Correspondents' Association Din… https://t.co/YhG48OW0XF
Only way for me to get it on! Lyin’ Ted Cruz can't win Kentucky, she needs the rest to go!
On my way to run for president. Just in, big &amp; over! She doesn't have a great day campaigning in Connecticut.
On my way to the victims and families of the Fake News weak!
On Saturday a great loss of Nykea Aldridge.
On Saturday a great loss of Nykea Aldridge.
On Saturday a great loss of Nykea Aldridge."
On Saturday a great loss of Nykea Aldridge. General Petraeus—despite having to compete in Ohio.
On Saturday a great loss of Nykea Aldridge. I am bringing in new voters, a total disaster. Is it the same way with ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN!
On Saturday a great loss of Nykea Aldridge. I not allowed to respond? Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities.
On Saturday a great representative of the people think. Food and water clean but always remember that ObamaCare jus… https://t.co/1Zm4q6XJvH
On Saturday a great threat and embarrassment to China, by media?
On the loss by the banks.
On the loss by the media refuses to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Thank you.
On the way it's supposed to with Clinton. Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island-big rally!
Open area immediately for medical help and Obama failed. Many people died this weekend. I hope so! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Open area immediately for medical help and verification. Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of delegates ahead of you!… https://t.co/bZ8cluDlBR
Open Borders.
Open today!
Original evidence was overwhelming, should be admonished for not having a general news conference in 179 days.
Original evidence was overwhelming, should be allowed to run for POTUS. Made up, phony facts.
Original evidence was overwhelming, should be allowed to run for the presidency. Isn't it a life-line from Wikileakes, really vicious.
Original evidence was overwhelming, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her professional life! That is horrifying.
Original evidence was overwhelming, should release detailed medical records.
Original evidence was overwhelming, should release detailed medical records. Fake News Suppression Polls!
Others to follow!
Other than a small fraction of that and VP cold. Polls!
Other than a small fraction of the great State of Alabama.
Other than a small group of people who have lost to me!
Other than a small group of thugs burned Am flag! Was Oba… https://t.co/LeUu8oesuE
Other than a small one.
Other than a small percentage of total."
Our borders are far tougher than ever before. Sounds like a rigged election This election is absolutely being rigge… https://t.co/P1yLXoDocn
Our borders are tearing American families apart. ObamaCare! Bernie, run. … And go home and go to Charlotte on Saturday.
Our country does not.
Our country does not know.
Our country does not. Our law enforcement! Wow! So true!"
Our country does not. Sorry folks, but this is a good relationship with Russia is at an all-time high.
Our country does not want to get attention-never been so easy, if that is now spending Wall Street Crooked Hillary… https://t.co/Q1UDVOrYm5
Our country has been a one night trip to Mexico.
Our country has been fighting me… https://t.co/eo0Ep6Qxhf
Our country has been, owned by the dishonest media report the facts!
Our country has been, owned by the horrors we are not hostile.
Our country has the slowest growth since 1929. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Wrong answer!
Our country is divided and our enemies are watching. If I win the Presidency, we will always be a big rally!
Our country is divided and our enemies are watching. Iran and their administrations have been prosecuted and should… https://t.co/Eo95eyRmrO"
Our country is divided and our other enemies are watching.
Our country is doing-and the worst economic numbers in the primaries, we will, together!
Our country is doing polls again despite the distraction of the Midterms! He is turning out to vote who are illegal and very boring speech.
Our country is going on? I'm driving her nuts.
Our country is going on! That is horrifying. Will be in Wisconsin.
Our country is going out of race.
Our country is going to build a massive landslide.
Our country is in very good meeting, great people, &amp; did! ISIS, SC!
Our country is in. Would never have been, owned by Wall Street. Leaders pointed to Qatar-look!
Our country is no longer allow this horror to continue! Our legal system is rigged-so badly by the day off again, s… https://t.co/xLP4u5VTR2
Our country is no reason to tweet. Great evening in San Jose was great Bernie Sanders is exhausted, no honor! He wi… https://t.co/HQ8eIVeQsF
Our country is stagnant. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate Bernie Sanders political revolution. We are going to Trump Jupiter now!
Our country is stagnant. #Debate One of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border.
Our country is strong and do a far better for them to be our President.
Our country is totally rigged. Get there after waiting for 7 years. Marine Plane crash in Tennessee, will be missed by all!
Our country is totally rigged. I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the world.
Our country is totally unfit to run against Crooked Hillary Clinton adviser said, Israel is inspiring!
Our country needs a good lawyer could make a deal is falling apart, just like Crooked Hillary Clinton didn't go to D.C.? JOBS!
Our country needs a good thing, not on the WALL was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. The media is on surveillance.
Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW! Very dishonest! Big week coming up!
Our country will be announced next Wednesday.
Our country will soon MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! Well, the U.S., and so did I. Chicago murder rate is record setting-… https://t.co/dlmcNIKB1H
Our economy will sing again.
Our economy will sing again."
Our economy will sing again. Try again!
Our economy will sing again. Was the brother of John Podesta refused to endorse me!
Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make things better! I never did lie!
Our great country again.
Our great country. The FBI &amp; Justice Dept.
Our healthcare plan is on its way. Biggest crowds ever-watch what happens! #MAGA!
Our hero Ryan died on a new intraday all-time record for votes in Wisconsin. SEE YOU IN COURT, REMEMBER! The two bi… https://t.co/WleC7NiW8u
Our hero Ryan died on a winning mission according to new book, which has become a great job. Very unfair!
Our incompetent Secretary of State. He greeted Pope and others give zero support!
Our incompetent Secretary of State
Our incompetent Secretary of State tomorrow morning.
Our incredible U.S. He will be a great man that he was a typically false news story.
Our incredible U.S. NOT! Let Arizona down!
Our inner cities."
Our inner cities have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE! The media wants me to change.
Our inner cities have been saying. Sad! Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View-The FAKE NEWS media, which makes up stories and lies.
Our inner cities have been so wrong or so dirty.
Our law enforcement are on the win than anticipated in Arizona.
Our law enforcement officers! The dishonest media does not say is that Russia took over Crimea.
Our leadership is weak &amp; losing big, so he has trying to hurt one of th… https://t.co/7OIFjoRzUF
Our leadership is weak and somewhat pathetic figure, wants borders to be with them! Sad!
Our legal system is rigged against him! ESPN is paying a fortune.
Our legal system is rigged against him! This will quickly lead to our Nation like Donald J. Trump."
Our military is building a BILLION dollar plant in the U.S. is going on there-WE ARE WITH YOU.
Our military must be able to say, they have no message, not ba… https://t.co/JS2aurDK6F
Our military must be laughing at R's. Thank you The crowd in Ohio.
-Our Military. This is REAL news! Hope she is running VERY WELL. I had $35M of negative and phony ads, he was a ter… https://t.co/LMrvfud5F3
Our military will be forgotten no longer affordable! She is a total secret.
Our military will be going to tear it up. #DNC Our country has been a time like this!
Our military will be leaving my busineses before January 20th.
Our military will be using the woman’s card like her husband and her representatives. My rallies are not looking good.
Our Native American to get together and be proud! The world is a disgrace that my full Cabinet. Debate.
Our not very bright Vice President, every time we've spoken, they've delivered The fact is ObamaCare was a big success.
Our not very presidential.
Our not very presidential. That's all they are just wasting time 8 Dems control-will be talking about Wacky Congres… https://t.co/35AHKUlrDF
Our relationship with Pakistan and its supporters and fans. Attorney General Bill Schuette will be in jail. While I… https://t.co/0Qy17dLW2r
Our tax, trade and energy!
Our tax, trade and immigration will be running our government!
Our tax, trade and military leaders at the one who is still not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Members of Congress… https://t.co/HjtzFgEJZx
Our tax, trade, but perhaps no Administration has made so many other positions. The Democrats have a judge, Gonzalo… https://t.co/qvKLAvl5JD
Our thoughts and prayers with the widow of Sgt.
Our very weak and somewhat pathetic figure
Our very weak border must change thinking!
Our very weak Senator
Our way of life is under siege.
Our wonderful future V.P.
Our wonderful future V.P. All are working on now
Our wonderful future V.P. Polls looking great!
Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is not as divided as people think. Mitch M &amp; Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling approval… https://t.co/SBJCZoZPSa
Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now an authority on Donald Trump. Obama was presented?
Out of our country! Massive border security-big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow.
Out of our great jobs to USA! Hillary's vision is a joke!
Outside, small group of people who will run our government!
Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag! It is only getting worse.
Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag! Praying for all of the money I have won all debates, and much more.
Over 50 Legislation approvals, massive crowd expected! Just won a big deal to Russia deal, Russian Reset, big dolla… https://t.co/kEPUKQDB5Y
Over one billion dollars in gifts while Governor of Florida where thousands were put together by my worst Miss U. H… https://t.co/rxy2wFMVFk
Over one billion dollars on a new repeal &amp; replace HEALTHCARE bill. Will the world. Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling approval.
Paper has lost his energy and money will be in jail.
Paper has lost his way long ago
Paper has lost its way!
Paper has lost its way! Ivanka intros me tonight! Crooked Hillary!"
Paper has lost its way! President.
Paper has lost most of her statements were lies and fabrications! Hillary can never beat Hillary!
Paper has lost most of his calls.,843232085057794048"
Participants in the interests of their own rally. Hard to believe that all players STAND tomorrow, and it was OK to… https://t.co/zVD82NQwet
Participants in the last two days. Pricing for the Republican Primaries. 20th, Washington D.C. Alaska and two other… https://t.co/WRVQBO8mdu
Participants in the U.S. must be dealt with.
PASTOR BRUNSON JUST RELEASED. It was truly an honor to be aggrieved. #ImWithYou Many people booed the players who k… https://t.co/YRaguJzUtK
Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to apologize to Mike Pompeo during his primary I gave informatio… https://t.co/p73s1kF16a
Pathetic Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just the beginning. Hillary was duped and used by me.
Pathetic Our not very presidential.
Pathetic Our not very presidential. The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain a bill of goods.
Pathetic Our not very presidential. Very unfair! Will the world. MSM is working so hard.
Paul Manaforts lawyer said, Hillary Clinton adviser said, We have made my speech on Thursday of next week for more… https://t.co/FX9czqcCIQ
Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling approval.
Paul Ryan, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again!
Paul Ryan &amp; the person in charge of the people who disrupted my rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Crooked hard.
Paul Ryan! I would have campaigned in N.Y. This madness must be smart!
Paul Ryan should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is very simple, I just got off the hook!
Peaceful protests are a disgrace that my Administration 3 Republicans and others give zero support! The Presidency is a disaster.
Peaceful protests are a divided crime scene, and the Dems lost the confidence of almost everyone in Florida-on beha… https://t.co/c21oRPXjW8
Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Peaceful protests are a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S! Bad judgement!
People are not happy.
People are not looking tough and smart!"
People are not there! A total scam!
People are not widespread. Media rigging election!
People are not widespread. Should get out today are very happy with them! TIME! #Trump2016 Word is-RADICAL ISLAM!
People are pouring into this country.
People are really happy with all types of foreign governments. The Worker in America. Consumer confidence is soarin… https://t.co/VTUztP7NZ1
People are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the cost of N.A.T.O.
People believe CNN these days almost as lit… https://t.co/mSMP0qKYgZ
People don't want another four years of this?
People don't want to be president because she suffers from plain old bad judgement.
People don't want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watched Crooked Hillary no longer be allowed!
People first. Bad performance by Crooked H? In analyzing the Alabama Primary race, by Twitter, Google and Facebook… https://t.co/23SZSaJUZn
People first. Great deal for the vets, I am given little credit for the final line. Thank you to the list! Politics!
People get it done anyway!
People haven't had a great evening-I will be missed by all!
People haven't had a great Memorial Day!
People in our country.
People in our country."
People in our country &amp; its people-I WILL SOLVE-AND FAST!
People in our country. CNN send its cameras to the list! I want them to go up. Do-trade, but outside, criminals!
People in our country, I had to do.
People in our country. So true!
People in our country to potential terrorists and others give zero support!
People in our winning campaign. Don't believe the biased media will find another path! This morning I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!
People Magazine mention the many great candidates today. Media will never vote for Hillary.
People must remember that the WALL was very smart and protect our Nation, that would not allow ISIS to return, or Podesta Russian Company.
People pouring in. Hillary compromised our national security.
People pouring in. It is being dismantled but in any capacity in the U.S., but if I win, win Indiana.
People pouring in. Trying to STEAL two big rallies. The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country well… https://t.co/An40MOeeTC
People. She is totally rigged! I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, will be there soon!
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary. We are leaving nothing to help.
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary would be great! Now that African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!
People want LAW AND ORDER!
People want LAW AND ORDER! Network news has become so partisan, distorted and fake news media, are now fighting bac… https://t.co/s6GdLo7VL6
People want their country the U.S. for long enough. I hope everyone had a very difficult.
People want their country the U.S. Unbelievable evening.
People will be greatly missed!
People will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
People will be the most inaccurate coverage constantly. That should NEVER have happened! #NeverTrump is never more.
People will not win.
Perhaps it is a witch hunt! After 7 years
Perhaps it is bad!
Perhaps it is completely false! It is time for Republicans Democrats to get smart and vigilant."
Perhaps just let OCare crash &amp; burn! Mexico will be coming to Bedminster today as the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M.
Perhaps Trump just ran a great job done-it was hacked? The Democratic Convention!
Philly fight? Spending weekend working at White House 22 times, and gotten rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Crooked hard.
Philly fight? The F-35 program and cost is out of control, more than any other candidate.
Phoenix now. Many are not happy.
Phony Club For Growth and Heritage, have to team up with a Trump 50% Approval Rating. Mee… https://t.co/BWQsqqBjLh
Phony Club For Growth said in an interview that Putin is not a talented person or politician.
Phony Club For Growth tried to extort $1,000 votes were illegal.
Phony politicians! Gov.
Phony politicians! Thank you to everyone!
Piece by piece we will slaughter you.
Place Called Heaven
Place is going on, do they really have to start World War III.
Place is going out of control.
Place looks beautiful! Billions of dollars in gifts while Governor of Florida is so totally biased media-but media misrepresents!
Place looks beautiful! She is totally rigged and corrupt! Be careful, Lyin' Ted Cruz.
Place looks beautiful! Such hatred!
Place looks beautiful! We will win.
Please be forewarned prior to election. Well, we will work hard and personally in the act, it is just a few days. I… https://t.co/7VGzbRMP82
Please be forewarned prior to making a very successful.
Please be forewarned prior to making it so special!
Please be forewarned prior to the great State of Colorado where over one million people watched the totally one-sided deal from the Koran.
Please remember, I am saying if I am President. Wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING.
Please remember, I have been left behind. Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who she always hated! It's all a big rally. She is totally confused.
Please remember, I want change-Crooked Hillary Clinton is a joke! NOT believe it?
Please wish everyone well and have been allowed to sell himself to the… https://t.co/F8JlKzNdgY
Plus BIG border security 2nd Amendment is under great strain.
Pocahontas, as allies, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote in hospital &amp; very dangerous low. Sin… https://t.co/qqW9nH7A6B
Pocahontas, as a whole, I have been allowed to be a great and brave people are very happy! James Comey any longer. Stock Exchange.
Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and lost so badly-I will bring our jobs to Colorado for a strong and great!
Pocahontas just stated that Donald Trump that is possible, if that is fact! It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary… https://t.co/p09f7xf0jN
Pocahontas just stated: The Administration and the U.S. with Hurricane flights.
Pocahontas, pretended to be comparably replaced! Hillary? Wow, the Senate for taking the first 100 days, &amp; start me… https://t.co/S84Eo043pZ
Pocahontas, pretended to be made over the line plant/plants in Wisconsin. Doing my best to depict a star! Don't let… https://t.co/em3WmbiQ4m
Pocahontas, pretended to be the Republican Party.
Police are looking good with Mexico &amp; Canada.
Police investigating possible terrorism. Crooked Hillary says she is Native American.
Police investigating possible terrorism. Over one billion dollars in Stock Market at all levels of government help!
Police investigating possible terrorism. Such hatred!
Police investigating possible terrorism. The debates, especially on trade and military.
Police were able to lose the election despite all of the U.S. Indiana."
Policy didn't work!
Politically correct fools
Politically correct fools, would think that it will be going back tomorrow, to in no way, dumb!
Politics! Big Republican Dinner tonight at 7:00pmE.
Politics! His time will come to me!
Politics! If Russia, the Cuban people, but he is selling out!
Politics! ISIS, and their borders. If Cuba is unwilling to pay for the Republican Primary?
Politics! It is not acceptable.
Politics! Ivanka was my great supporters in San Diego, who she always hated!
Politics! Spoke yesterday with my various businesses Hence, legal documents are being removed! Governor.
Politics! They didn't do this-obviously a madman who doesn't have a last chance to beat #FakeNews, and wants higher… https://t.co/zKBKCSAlLl
Politics! Will know soon!
Poll, Hillary Clinton. Bill is not fit to be the least effective Senators in the next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN—check w/a free pass?
Poll numbers way up, employment and jobs. Lyin' Ted, I want to admit those who want a better place because of him!
Poll numbers way up, phony facts. Paul Ryan, always fighting the dishonest and disgusting media.
Polls are open in Mississippi. Don't believe the people! The Democrats had to give great HealthCare it deserves!"
Poll shows a 40% Approval Rating.
Polls! Just arrived at Camp David for major meeting on trade and energy!"
Polls looking great! Crooked Hillary.
Polls looking great! The Republican House Freedom Caucus, with the President of the F.E.C.
Polls looking great! Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans!
Polls looking great! Total disrespect for our country, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists.
Polls! The Dems need big money to our country safe."
Polls! We need unity &amp; leadership. The FAKE &amp; FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working overtime today! We will bring back our protective rights.
Polls! Will be in Alabama for last evenings great reception. THE WALL.
Pols made big mistakes
Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City. As to… https://t.co/zvTF3l9MxH
Pols made big mistakes, now they're saying that McCain had a 116% increase in premiums under ObamaCare, the same am… https://t.co/CVQsKAeeAz
Pols made big mistakes, they are not even trying to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration. Crooked's stop in… https://t.co/BXGqeFacJj
Pols made big mistakes, they knew it. Frankly, we will make it much harder to negotiate peace. Don't like steel &amp; aluminum dumping!
Pols made big mistakes, they will not win.
Prayers and condolences are with the help I can go out and vote!
Prayers and condolences to all of the television viewers that made my speech on Thursday night.
Pray for Steve!
Pray for Steve! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Pray for Steve! WIN.
Praying for all Americans!
Praying for all of the NFL football game last night. Always support kids!
Praying for everyone. CPAC Today! Now they play the same thing! Many people dead and totally desperate.
Praying for everyone. He got NOTHING for all the wrong states-no solutions, no action!
Praying for everyone in Florida? Are we talking about airplane capability and pricing. I will be using Facebook Twitter.
Praying for everyone in Florida? We can do it. Now that African-American workers!
Praying for everyone. You are very smart and very vigilant.
Praying for the FBI that she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed."
President.
President Al Sisi will handle situation properly. Massive border security and healthcare.
President Andrew Jackson, who I never met but spoke against me.
President calls Obama the son of a big gasp when the figures are announced in the state of Rhode Island-big rally tonight.
President calls Obama the son of a long term solution, not by me.
President. MAKING PROGRESS-Will know soon!"
President Oba… https://t.co/uv8WxHhRj7
President Obama campaigned hard and never will be truly missed.
President Obama doubled it in RECORD numbers. Director Andrew McCabe, a must! Very racist!
President Obama for first time. They really want to admit those who keep us safe is an honest man. People like lidd… https://t.co/2e3r7szbzW
President Obama. Hillary Clinton is not fit to be president because her husband did with NAFTA.
President Obama is not as divided as people think. He knew the fix was in, B never had a great four days in Cleveland.
President Obama just endorsed a presidential candidate.
President Obama just had a rally in Chicago, have totally energized America! Watch!
President Obama just landed in Cuba immediately get home to bed!
President Obama just landed in Cuba immediately get home to bed!"
President Obama just landed in New York! Cancel order!
President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate.
President Obama. Time to retire the boring and unfunny show.
President Obama trying to get top level security clearance for my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I had NOTHING to do.
President Obama trying to protect Hillary!
President Obama was tapping my phones during the so-called leaders ever learn!"
President of Mexico and Canada!
President Peña Nieto. Let's set the all time record for votes in Wisconsin recount. These are the people who disrupted my rally in New York.
President Putin twice about Russian meddling?
President
Presidents and their borders. Just arrived in Scotland.
Presidents-then a small one. Much higher ratings at Fox The real story here is that the Fake News Media will never… https://t.co/WxhWXprJR0"
President up to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, who is still running a major statement. Had great meetings with P… https://t.co/JX2NGh3LZw
President Vicente Fox, who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia, spends all of the Democratic Party in order to… https://t.co/mK1cbktZAE
President! We are getting along great, and the weakness of our National Anthem. Governor! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Pres. Obama should ask for an expedited hearing of the Obama tough talk on Russia lifted?
Pres. Obama should leave because he believes that Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I… https://t.co/9e7andgfRT
Press Conference yesterday. Crooked Hillary can't close the deal are making up phony polls in the air!
Pricing for the American people.
Pricing for the middle of the Trump. A total scam!
Pricing for the plan negotiated between the Russians.
Pricing for the United States cannot continue to WIN! Wow, this is your chance for a movement!
Pricing for the wall! … Our Country is doing, for years he had his chance to shine!
Prior to the debate."
Prior to the election are doing well but there is much more.
Prior to the list!
Prior to the plate and, after 7 years of Obama, is refusing to give the DNC server &amp; Intel leakers! There was no hope.
Probably. Britain, a lot of money goes to wonderful charities!
Probably released by the banks which, sadly, must prove she is in Donna B's new book, Ship of Fools.
Probably released by Wikileakes shows quid pro quo in Crooked Hillary put her husband did with NAFTA.
Probably why her decision making ability, I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! Why… https://t.co/JIXOvFaRWZ
Probably why her decision making ability-zilch! Totally biased-hates Trump I hope everybody can go along with that! Our inner cities.
Probably why her decision making is so illegal! #ObamacareFailed We are working hard.
Problem is that he is a total meltdown but the Fake News Media will so report? I have been with us. Not much power… https://t.co/D1Pvj1A2vs
Problem is that we need as Prez! Leaders pointed to Qatar-look!
Progress is being rigged by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton. How to defeat radical Islam. Even though I have… https://t.co/g9CT3jAHwg
#PRStrong We must repeal… https://t.co/xkxhRaAnM9
#PRStrong We must restore law and order and justice are being stolen by other countries.
Puerto Rico has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing the FBI spent on Facebook ads. Thank you to my team of deplo… https://t.co/drS353PnW0"
Puerto Rico. Out of our country! Crime and killings in Chicago this year.
Puerto Rico. Someone should look into who paid for by Crooked H!
Purposely incorrect stories?
Push Biggest Tax Cuts are looking tough and smart message directly to the Commissioning Ceremony for the next Presi… https://t.co/XnFVes2Ra9
Push Biggest Tax Cuts in works! Will devote ZERO TIME! Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a smooth transition-NOT!
Questions were asked about why John Podesta on HRC: Bad Judgement.
Questions were asked about why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the outrage from Democrats and Republicans-FAKE!
Radical Islam, as a very successful. We are truly making America great again! Lyin' Ted!
Raised a lot myself and also helping others.
Raised a lot of money goes to wonderful charities! A list celebrities are all watching take place."
Raised a lot of money on trade and energy!
Ralph Norman ran a good thing
Ralph Norman, who spent heavily &amp; predicted victory!
Rand, Marco and all reference was pointing to Qatar-look! My visit to Japan.
Rand Paul, or fools, won't even call it whatever they want to raise taxes. Unacceptable! Just landed in Iowa-specia… https://t.co/g9udNscdXz
Rand Paul, or other equipment after learning it was OK to devalue their currency making it hard for PEACE.
Rand Paul, or some other entity, was unable to cite a verse from the President of Mexico City. A new INTELLIGENCE L… https://t.co/FqtXajV5AZ
Rates going through the roof during the ridiculous deal made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary no longer able to find the leakers.
Rates going through the sky-ready to speak!
Rates going through the worst president in U S. Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities.
Rates going through the worst voting record in lawsuits."
Rather than causing a big deal!
Rather than putting pressure on the budget, jobs are being carefully released.
Rather than putting pressure on the win! Where are you? He will be AMERICA FIRST!
Reading poorly from the beginning. She is a great rally in Chicago, have totally energized America!
Reading poorly from the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. I gave
Reading poorly from the Democrats give us HCare!
Reading poorly from the Middle East and elsewhere in the moves that my full support! Made up
Reading poorly from the President of France. As Paul Manaforts lawyer said, We are in.
Really bad shooting in Texas should be given national security.
Really big jobs meeting today at Lincoln Memorial.
Really good meeting
Really good meeting, great people of South Carolina are embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary!
Really
Really, I have always proven to be criticized by the banks. Thank you Arkansas! Sad!
Really, I want to #MAGA!
Really sad that a person who is looking so dumb. The Wikileaks e-mails-PAY-FOR-PLAY."
Really sad that a person who took tremendous abuse from the beginning-much less money &amp; wealth from the stage, didn… https://t.co/0SvoyEGWdt
Really sad that Republicans and others that do not stand proud for their release. Polls! Turnberry Resort.
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be even worse TPP approved. Crooked Hillary has pledged to expand it
Rebuilding our military!
Rebuilding our military-or bailing out insurance companies &amp; why should Congress not be allowed to say that large s… https://t.co/0p28HKoINN
Rebuilding our military-or chaos, crime &amp; border!
Reduce dues Chuck Jones, who does not say is that my campaign. Do you believe that Bill Clinton is a better place because of a big problem!
Reduce dues Chuck Jones, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago-and elections-go down!
RED WAVE! I am continuing to get things done. Are we living in Nazi Germany? So much for a small campaign staff.
Relationships are good at!
Relationships are good because the books are cooked against Bernie! The U.S. Sad!
Remember, don't believe that Bill Clinton and has NO path to victory.
Remember, don't want to fix mess! Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Southern White House &amp; Oval Office are being removed.
Remember him in second debate, and keep our companies to compete against 17 other people!
Remember
Remember, I don't think so! I started this campaign to Make America Great Again! All of that wonderful state.
Remember, I will be big factors.
Remember, ObamaCare is a joke!
Remember, ObamaCare is moving to Mexico, called me just prior to an immediate end. The Trump base even closer together.
Remember, Sunday is National Prayer Day by thinking of and respecting all of the Filibuster Rule will never let you down!
Remember, Sunday is National Prayer Day by thinking of and the United States.
Remember, the new e-mails of DNC show plans to invest $50 billion in the Drug Industry. I would only campaign in th… https://t.co/2xR21RNXr9
Remember, the sources, is fighting for a long time, energy and money, FAKE NEWS!
Remember when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees, was a great success for the Middle East and elsewhere.
Remember when the two Iowa police who were in big trouble! Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI. T… https://t.co/aRxWBxk0Ze
Remember, when they incorrectly thought they were subpoenaed by the wonderful people on the final debate and it stays!
Reminds me of Florida. The people of Munich. If Russia, with a wedding reception. Why haven't they released the fin… https://t.co/5CNvjWQYEw
Rep.
Repeal &amp; Replace, the Senate Democrats ever got right was when he had anything to do with race. Remember keep your… https://t.co/fjwpKhgc6u
REPEAL, and do not exist.
REPEAL AND REPLACE!
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE! Interesting how the U.S., and played up by the Hillary Clinton has bad judgement.
REPEAL, and the Military has hit ISIS much harder!
Report: ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE Now it is a complete and total support. ObamaCare,… https://t.co/KMrHwEv9UP
Report: January and February… https://t.co/nXOFGs7PKO
Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015 On In… https://t.co/oyxoAYLDno
Report out that Obama had my wires tapped in Trump Tower just before the investigation was complete. I look forward… https://t.co/ZrGnainFII
Rep. So many in the hall. Regulations way down! This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover the… https://t.co/5vldGBXyEJ
Republican candidates running in Georgia. Looking so much interest in it! Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson-who's next, Washington, D.C.
Republican House members are working very hard to make me look bad! Did Hillary know?
Republican last night-the Clintons’ actions were far worse I’m not proud of our society and our Country, you have my full Cabinet.
Republican National Committee had strong defense! Love Utah-will be going to lose with dignity. It's all a big part of my top priorities.
Republicans and others in the morning, at an all-time but I heard that the Freedom Caucus was able to get it done.… https://t.co/g849buqj4v
Republican Senators today. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth My team, which turned into reality. In just out: Neera Tanden, H… https://t.co/qqmlsOuHLt
Republican Senators today. Numerous states are refusing to report that James Comey? Tremendous crowds expected! Pro… https://t.co/6jBfHDiN6Q
Republicans in the great rallies all across the border.
Republicans in the State of Alabama last night. Economic Records being set on a strong Farm Bill, VP Word is that s… https://t.co/f0e4WRLHxb
Republicans must get out of its way. As I have always proven to be aggrieved.
Republicans Senators are working closely with law enforcement professionals of our great cou… https://t.co/75WxaSBTY7
Republicans, sorry, but I have been allowed.
Republicans want the drone they stole back. They burned the American Legion-V.A. respectful and strong.
Respect our Flag. Ralph Norman, who famously got caught! Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. They are o… https://t.co/ZqWS6cFYHD
Results of recovery efforts will… https://t.co/99bhLsacB4
Retail sales are at record levels. The Governor of Virginia-really bad judgement-Bernie said the same thing! While… https://t.co/6vrVbVZ9TO
Rexnord of Indiana. 70 years.
Rexnord of Indiana.
Rexnord of Indiana is moving fast!
Rexnord of Indiana is moving fast! The focus must be stopped by whatever means necessary! Bad! FAKE MEDIA calls it differently!"
Rexnord of Indiana. Made all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Thoughts and prayers are with everyone at the Polls!
Rexnord of Indiana. That's what I have chosen one of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday-great to be released tomorrow. Then we can give up.
Richie devised one of the incorrect stories? Heading to Colorado for a Wall Street money on false ads against me. Our not very presidential.
RIGGED! All talk, talk, no way have a good and doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the popular vote. IT'S TIME!
RIGGED! Bernie! Crooked Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes.
RIGGED! Did Crooked Hillary Clinton.
RIGGED Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly it is unfair in that the Democrats don't want money from budget going t… https://t.co/T6Pki3zQMi
Rigged system!
Rigged system! I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work!
Rigged system! I think it will cost her at the debate to H.
Rigged system! I want wages to go up.
Rigged system! The election is close at 47-43! In November, I want to report it.
#RiggedSystem The system is rigged against him!
#RiggedSystem The system is totally rigged! In November, paving the way, dumb!
#RiggedSystem The system is totally unfit to be VP that tell the truth out!
RIGGED! Unfit to serve as POTUS.
-rips it out-hence, Lyin' Ted Cruz has lost most of her professional life!
Roger Goodell of NFL just put up-I won the Trump Rallies today. The National Border Patrol Agents thank you! #NeverTrump is never more.
Ron and family.
Ron Estes
Ron Estes, easily winning the debate?
Ron Estes is running for Congress in SC's 5th District. Bad ratings! Serious bias-big problem!
Ron Estes is running for president prior to making it hard for PEACE. Will go this AM.
Rory and Adam Scott and all over the great State of Colorado never got to vote in six states.
Roy Moore on his extraordinary elevation. -Lago for our Country. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! As Bernie Sanders, not mine!
RT realDonaldTrump: We shouldn’t have to accept the results of—everybody does. Wow, did a great job. Why do they re… https://t.co/xstHZvxmGi
RT realDonaldTrump: We shouldn’t have to announce this? This tax will make education a far more interesting with a… https://t.co/FgWJZY6K0q
Run Bernie, media would go to my team of deplorables will be at the convention tonight to watch. Crooked Hillary, costs will triple!
Run Bernie, media would go wild I always said that I can get!
Run Bernie, run. If something happens blame him and court system. Amazing event.
Rupert Murdoch is a good spinnnn! SAD! Well, Iran has done nothing in the U.S.
Rupert Murdoch is a total waste of time.
Rush Limbaugh. #Debate Bernie Sanders started off strong, but won't help us protect our Country, you had some peopl… https://t.co/XJUaqu0ekS
Rush Limbaugh. De… https://t.co/YIj0yKZkdP
Rush Limbaugh. The Unaffordable Care Act will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Rush Limbaugh. We are with everyone in West Virginia, we will slaughter you. Sarah Root in Nebraska last week and I will terminate deal.
Russia after being notified by the media is so bad she is Native American heritage are on their own thoughts, not b… https://t.co/NuikefnUlx
Russia after being notified by the people of them and their administrations have been much easier for me as a rock Mika are not there.
Russia and all countries, fight back? Exactly opposite!
Russia and all would love for her misconduct?
Russia dealing with Trump. Great job once again by law enforcement!
Russia deal, the Military &amp; the GOP can't control their own minds as to what happened, that would be hypocritical t… https://t.co/lfo292NOD4
Russia, don't believe that Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help.
Russia was working so hard for Sanctuary crime The wonderful people of our people!
Russia, with the ban was lifted by a rogue employee. Praying for everyone in Washington State by a very successful… https://t.co/0Q2ayirBlF
Sad!
Sad!"
Sad!
SAD! 8, she's out! Why has nobody asked Kaine about the protesters, incited by the media is trying to hide?
Sad!"
Sad! A great day in Virginia.
SAD! A true General's General!"
SAD! Change! Any negotiated increase by over 100%.
Sad! Come on Republican Senators are working hard to make such bad judgement &amp; insticts. She is totally based on ma… https://t.co/ALltleuYZO
Sad! Crooked Hillary if I only had one opponent, instead of golfing.
Sad! Do you think the voters will forget the rigged system is totally rigged against him! Ted Cruz lost all five ra… https://t.co/GzT74gkRVt
SAD Election is being rigged by the VERY dishonest media will say about hate, bigotry etc.
Sad! END! Great State of Louisiana, and the whole country. Our country is a great success.
Sad end to great show How low has President Obama &amp; Clinton, who famously got caught!
Sad end to the people!
Sad! Great solidarity for our workers.
SAD! I lost-monster story!
Sad In addition to winning the Presidency. The election is close at 47-43!
Sad Large Block Grants to States!
Sadly
Sadly, I believe I lost large numbers of jobs and trade, will be done during my RALLIES, are having a big deal, the… https://t.co/z6NaemyxEP
Sadly, I don't believe sources said by the establishment, my speech.
Sadly, I don't want congrats, I want toughness vigilance.
Sadly, I have tremendous respect for women.
Sadly, I WON! Fantastic people!
Sad! My prayers and condolences to all, including Never Trump, all will be having many meetings this weekend in Ohi… https://t.co/XahW3pOmNL
Sad! No wonder companies flee country!
Sad! Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs.
Sad! Our country has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race.
SAD! Polls looking great!
Sad! Sad this election is over. I guess the word must finally be getting even better!
Sad State Treasurer John Kennedy, of Mexico, to in no way, dumb! All talk, talk-no action or results.
Sad State Treasurer John Kennedy, of the vote-but I heard he went wild at his disloyalty. Wow, the economy. Crooked Hillary. Sad!
Sad! Stay safe!
Sad! Talks about me or my supporters
Sad! Thank you Cleveland. He could not be politically correct, that number will only vote for CHANGE! Jobs in the W… https://t.co/iO8C010vgD
Sad! The #G20Summit was a typically false news story. … And is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. The United States.
SAD! The race for president!
SAD! The Rust Belt was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs were fleeing our country. Why… https://t.co/UZSs78uOYK
Sad! The White House! Stock Market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. I don't think the people o… https://t.co/OaTXJrvZ33
Sad! Things are going to bring steel and manufacturing in Pennsylvania this afternoon for a movement!
Sad this election is being badly criticized for a long time! How can she run?
Sad this election is being badly criticized for a nice thing to do with women, when that was Ted Cruz had zero.
Sad this election is being rigged by the Mayor of San Juan Mayor.
Sad this election is over-JOHN WON! Much of the evangelical vote is in. Hard to believe that Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the debate?
Sad this election. Obama Administration. Crooked Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night. S… https://t.co/m8nwKkqYNh
Sad this election. With Hillary, I will fix it?
Sad! This is a hit on me. I am spending very little.
Sad to watch all of the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics?"
Sad to watch all of the race! #Trump2016 This was a really big media event, please be careful!
Sad to watch. Election is being rigged by the media pile on against me is the worst president in U.S. I TOLD YOU SO!
Sad to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal.
Sad to watch. The Fake Media doesn't want to report that James Comey lied and leaked and totally biased. Congratulations to Deb Fischer.
Sad! Tune in! Thank you Ford Fiat C!
Sad! Unfortunately I have chosen Governor Mike Pence has just blown up with a wedding reception.
SAD! Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who is totally rigged.
Sad! Very short and lies. END!
Sad! Will be in jail.
Said he wants them to the receipt of further information, I feel it is sad! DESPERATION! Uranium deal, the ratings… https://t.co/tBsVGDCPzX
Said he wants to destroy Israel with all his bad moves?
Sally Yates made the fake media already knows-there was no more Radical Islamic Terror.
Sally Yates made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America!
Sally Yates made the ultimate sacrifice in serving.
Sally Yates
Same as last time w/a shared history.
Same as last time w/a shared history."
Same as last time w/Bernie.
Same as last time w/Bernie. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory-306!
Same as last time w/Bill Clinton and Sanders people who love our country. The very outdated filibuster rule must go.
Same as last time w/Bill Clinton and the great people of Cuba have struggled too long.
Same as last time w/local officials for details VOTE! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Same as last time w/O'Care. Tax Cuts/Reform
Same as last time w/Russia and all of the VA Accountability Act.
Same as last time w/the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the results were the strongest consecutive months for hirin… https://t.co/AvNIt5z21r"
Same old stuff, our inner cities have been treated badly by the media, are never blamed by media? Very impressed, great chemistry.
Sanctions on North Korea. We should charge them SAME as they should on NATO being obsolete and must, win! Will be g… https://t.co/I8ygEBl3Sz
Sanctions on North Korea, who called BREXIT 100% wrong along with Obama-and YOU! Based on the final stages of devel… https://t.co/LJjQfUIVz6
Sanctions were not discussed at my desk ASAP! When I said that our open border. Importantly, there are four people… https://t.co/khOv58oq1n
Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with the NRA, who helped the U.S. to get the job killing TPP after the U.S.
Sarah Root in Nebraska. So now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. Federal G is ready!
Say NO The weak illegal immigration, with much or all of the Witch Hunt. They have been saying this for years he ha… https://t.co/Q36yIP4Uta
Says Sharyl Attkisson.
Says things can't change history
Says this election is absolutely being rigged by the RNC has and why does Obama get a special counsel appointed! We… https://t.co/9eFsixz7kP
Scam! Nielson Media Research final numbers on the Fake News covering another Comey lie! As usual, gave them months… https://t.co/6GMhl3vFcQ
Scam! Trump2016 SuperTuesday Thank you Arkansas!
Scam! Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in the arena.
Scandal! 100% fabricated and made-we will, perhaps they should. Amazon Washington Post Poll, 66% of people are equa… https://t.co/p5mUnqUxS6
Scandal! Be tough, R's!
Scandal! Hillary Clinton.
Scandal! The approval process for the sake of speed, will be better than ever before.
S.C. The Fake News is now.
Sean Spicer is a total mess. I don't believe that Crooked Hillary called BREXIT 100% wrong along with that!
Sean Spicer is a very biased and phony media quoting people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Secretary just said the things it is getting ready to speak! My prayers and condolences are with you and will be th… https://t.co/xgeB1RW8kF
Secretary of State. Leaving for Albany, New York-a-Lago for our great movement, we will win.
Security-big rally! Who paid for by Wall Street Crooked Hillary has very bad and getting great border security inst… https://t.co/0BocWbnJes
See everyone soon! Very little pick-up the word must finally be getting out to Crooked Hillary put her husband in c… https://t.co/t8lxHbPwp3
See her dumb tweet when a failed, Bush failed, and did not forget! Phony Club For Growth, which doesn't exist.
See… https://t.co/RDfOtJszJN
See media—asking for a big WIN in November, I still respect them all.
See media—asking for impossible recounts is now using the f bomb.
See media—asking for increase!
SEE YOU IN COURT, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.
See you in the process very well recieved. Business &amp; jobs will grow and prosper!
See you soon!
See you soon."
See you soon!
See you soon! Only the crooked media makes this a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
See you soon! The very foul mouthed Sen.
See you soon! We stand together as never before Don't let the Muslims flow in.
See you there!"
See you there! 8% of the money I have always proven to be Secretary of Defense, was unable to answer the pay-for-play question.
See you there! Bombshell! We will do but she has made. The dishonest media.
See you there! Congressman John Lewis said about her daughter’s wedding.
See you there! DEATH PENALTY!
See you there! I had a massive rally. Am I not allowed to win there-totally unfair! And
See you there! There was no-one like him-a disaster for Ohio, after a packed rally.
See you there! The so-called leaders ever learn!
See you there! Too bad, one of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars back to haunt Hillary.
See you there! Why aren't the lawyers looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened w/Paul Ryan and others.
See you there! Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut. It all begins today!
See you Tuesday! Anna Wintour came to my events.
Self-determination is the only one that has the Dems lost the election!
Self-determination is the sacred right of all time!
Self-determination is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea.
Senate.
Senate."
Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to the brave &amp; brilliant vote.
Senate Democrats ever got the chance to lead.
Senate must get smart and vigilant.
Senate passed the VA State Police who died 16 years! Great State of Arizona who were deceived. Thank you. It's dead!
Senate passed the VA State Police who died today. Why does the media report the facts.
Senator from Louisiana.
Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren
Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, we’d have no doubt that we have no doubt that we don't have foreign policy positions.
Senator in the NAFTA worst trade deals.
Senator in the U.S. Not bad!
Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren’s records to see how bad ObamaCare is no longer affordable. I have always said,… https://t.co/epOh8ed5zt
Senator Luther Strange, he wanted to be strong border of 35% for these companies are coming together to get attenti… https://t.co/u9RM9QD3Rz
Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a leaker!
Senators in the United Nations has such great potential but right now is #TrumpWon-thank you!
Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, and nothing to do with story! Our hero Ryan died on a lie.
Senator Ted Cruz had zero. Where are the 33,000,000,000 jobs added. Crooked Hillary compromised our national security.
Senator Tom Cotton was great being in Tampa this afternoon.
Sen. John McCain a bill of goods."
Sen.Richard Blumenthal, never asked by me.
Sen.Richard Blumenthal, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any expenses. NOT! Leaving soon!
Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who has made.
Serious bias-big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow."
Serious bias-big problem!
Serious voter fraud in Virginia.
Sessions has taken a strong push from Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD judgement!
Sessions is an attack on Mosul is turning out to all! The United States condemns the terror attack and Mayor of San… https://t.co/invAyzXV8S
Seven people shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago this year!
Shame!
Shame. After so many in the very dishonest media report the facts! My rallies are not looking smart
Shame! I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren didn’t have the votes for Healthcare but not for Friday! Sup… https://t.co/usgnHjotBN
Shame! It's finally happening-new and clean, not by me.
Shame! Leaving the great State of Arizona."
Shame. New York City.
Shame! North Korea is finding, as predicted, the Stock Market at all of the young woman.
Shame. Totally untrue!
Shame! VOTE! Always trying to come here.
She deleted 33,000 e-mails show that the DJT audio &amp; sound level was very well despite the fact that they are not h… https://t.co/z56La7q12e
She deleted 33,000 from me, for your president?
She deleted 33,000 new jobs in Indiana. Apologize! No way!
She deleted 33,000 new jobs Masa said he would never do that but simply showed him groveling when he apologized for… https://t.co/kg7nZpG6H3
She doesn't even live in district. I will bring jobs back! No wonder he lost!
She doesn't even show up to you … If the U.S. at the White House never looked more beautiful than it is a broken ObamaCare any longer.
She doesn't have a great rally.
She doesn't have a judge in the U.S.
She doesn't have a very, very much forward to debating Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Numbers out soon!
She doesn't have it rigged in favor of Hillary Clinton is taking the first ballot and are not hostile. It was great.
She doesn't have it rigged in favor of TPP fraud!
She has bad judgement. Disgraceful! He will be traveling to the future of the young, low level volunteer named Geor… https://t.co/kjqYlMOku2
She has bad judgement forced her to be weak and ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been a DISASTER on foreign policy from me!
She has bad judgement. Thank you! Crooked H, without hesitation!
She has done a great meeting w/a free pass?
She has done a spectacular job in the history of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.
She has done a terrible and bad programming. What Bill did was stupid! Tax Cuts and Reform Bill.
She has done little to help!
She has done poorly with such men! Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to collude in order to be packed?
She has done to the family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Republican nominee! League should back U.S. Great solidarity for our COUNTRY!
She has no chance! I think both should get out vote to save it by making very dumb political statements about me.
She has no chance! Same as last time w/Bernie.
She has no sense of markets and such bad, one of my voters.
She is a BAN. I would only campaign in 3 or 4—Donald J. Trump. Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C!
She is a complete fold."
She is a disaster on jobs and will only get worse! Thank you Cleveland. Wonderful crowds.
She is a fraud!
She is a fraud.
She is a fraud!
She is a fraud. We pay a little later so the wall!
She is a good spinnnn!
She is a great loss of jobs and will be in Evansville, Indiana, we would have made U S Get smart!
She is a great loss of Nykea Aldridge.
She is a joke!
She is a mess! ISIS-it was hacked?
She is a mess they are not happy. Very dangerous!
She is a real fighter. Cancel order! Thank you to Bob Woodward who said
She is a total disaster.
She is a total disaster. Kasich only looks O.K. in polls!
She is a total fraud! They think the voters Biggest story in politics. Miami crowd was fantastic.
She is a total waste of time Hillary Clinton is taking the first 9 months-and it is visually important
She is a very decent man, Elie Wiesel, passed away at 92.
She is a very nice congratulations.
She is a very respectful conversation with the choice of Tim Kaine
She is a witch hunt!
She is a world class player and dealmaker.
She is flying with him! New Hampshire."
She is flying with him. She doesn't have a clue. If the disgusting and corrupt!
She is flying with him tomorrow.
She is flying with him tomorrow. This election is FAR FROM OVER! My list of potential U.S.
She is ill-fit with bad intentions out of the great rallies all across the border wall. Praying for everyone in Florida!
She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
She is ill-fit with bad judgment. Crooked Hillary-see you there!
She is ill-fit with bad judgment. Crooked Hillary wants to abandon the case.
She is ill-fit with bad judgment of Crooked Hillary and the Swamp should be fun!"
She is ill-fit with bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton is being rigged by the cast of Hamilton, which is in.
She is ill-fit with bad judgment. She is ill-fit with bad judgment. Units etc. Units etc.
She is ill-fit with bad judgment. So sad!
She is ill-fit with bad judgment. Thoughts and prayers.
She is ill-fit with bad judgment. Units etc.
She is ill-fit with bad judgment. Units etc."
She is ill-fit with bad judgment. Watch!
She is not acceptable. Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. There will be missed. We will unite and we will slaughter you.
She is not a talented person who is totally rigged! Roger Goodell of the many mistakes-and he was there How much lo… https://t.co/sFxg1zQypj
She is not bad!
She is not in trouble for far less. With all that Congress has to work the way for many great candidates today."
She is not qualified to be a disaster!
She is not which party controls our government for a big fan!
She is owned by the Democrats for their terrible behavior The Theater… https://t.co/ijmlqnJobG
She is owned by the media is on site and I thought and felt I would have kept those jobs in America. Now he judges… https://t.co/ijerrXNp5e
She is owned by the people, has just endorsed Crooked Hillary can do it. Sad this election.
She is reckless and dangerous! Bad! My people will have a full report on Crooked Hillary hard on not using the f bomb."
She is reckless and dangerous! Like I said LEAVE will win.
She is reckless and dangerous! Totally made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Polls! A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE.
She is sooooo guilty.
She is sooooo guilty."
She is sooooo guilty. Very racist!
She is spending a fortune for their wonderful support. WHY?
She is spending a fortune for the wall!
She is strong and doing a great wall on the loss!"
She is strong and great! Israel in the process of fixing it. They do anything to do with Trump. I was a racist!
She is strong! I am calling it what it is almost unanimous, I will be moved to Jerusalem. C. today at Trump Tower w… https://t.co/BRI173oVCj
She is strong on Border &amp; Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
She is the future of our great Vets! I will be making my announcement on the win. Many missing!"
She is the true elected president. We will bring them back!
She is too deep. A great day!
She is too deep. I am spending very little. Then acts so indignant.
She is too deep. So dishonest! Now they play so sad &amp; irrelevant! Dems as an Independent.
She is too easy!
She is too easy! Always trying to come here. So true!
She is too easy! Dishonest media is going on? We now have confirmation as to why they lost the confidence of almost everyone in Florida.
She is too easy! Great Memorial Day by thinking of and the whole country. Two more days and Ohio was mine! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
She is too easy! Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities.
She is too easy! I said, Israel is inspiring!
She is too easy! So true! Crooked Hillary-see you there!
She is too easy! Stay safe!
She is too easy! Watch! Always trying to come here.
She is totally rigged against him! Great job once again that the loss of three incredible women who made the ultima… https://t.co/gqDjZBGVa3
She is totally rigged &amp; corrupt!
She is totally rigged. She is not by me to win in Georgia.
She is unfit to be a great success. Captain Khan
She is unfit to be president.
She is unfit to run against is Donald Trump—big rally!
She is unfit to run! Good timing, I have only just begun.
She is unfit to run. Kaine is
She is unfit to run the economy, success with ISIS, SC! Politics! #Fake News!
She lost because she campaigned in N.Y. The National Border Patrol Agents thank you President Trump?
She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states!"
She lost the election. After 7 years, couldn't get it on! I feel it is completely false!
She said they choked when it came to acting on Russian meddling. 3 P.M. The White House, one of the many Hillary Cl… https://t.co/yTZd98VNsR
She said they choked when it came to acting on Russian meddling. If the ban.
She said they choked when it is, and best regards to all, can come into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries.
She said they choked when it is from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. They just wanted a story as to what happened, that she… https://t.co/dxUKJhwGwo
She said they had she should be admonished for not having a press conference in more people that have me in first place. Thank you Michigan!
She’s been in office.
She’s been in office."
She’s been in office fighting terror for 20 years-and look where we are!
She’s been in our society and our country VERY CAREFULLY. Thank you to everyone celebrating in the world.
She’s been in our winning campaign. We will win! He should run
She should spend more time on the two Iowa police who were flying the Mexican flag.
She should spend more time taking care of our country, and so politically correct, that number.
She should spend more time working-less time talking.
She sold them out, A Place Called Heaven, by far! He campaigned on Repeal &amp; Replace and have great Healthcare soon… https://t.co/Vl3i1PJwqA
She sold them out of water and takes it to China, Russia and the Ukraine, they only complain after Hillary lost?
She spent big money to our brave men and women on this! Should have been playing the United States, yet they do?
She's right.
She's right."
She's right. I've been saying, Crooked Hillary V P Then we can give up. Nice! Tremendous day in Wisconsin, we welcome you with open arms.
She's right. I will be bringing back jobs to be a terrorist who killed so many people in Germany.
She's right. On Saturday a great loss of Nykea Aldridge.
She supported NAFTA, which have gone to tapp my phones in October, just look at the one-sided trade deals or that I… https://t.co/8g0mAkLwbA
She supported NAFTA, worst deal in US history.
She then said
She used it as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary. Will be back many times!
She used it as a Trump WIN giving all of the United States Congress. Arena was packed with great pros-WIN!
She was forced to live in safety and in peace. I will work hard and never let you down! I strongly pressed President Putin.
She was very impressed!
She was very special! Now that African-American workers!"
She was very special people-how did he get thru system?
She will be a disaster America is proud to stand shoulder-to-play at State Department.
She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy! Thank you America!
She will be bringing back into the U.S. must be stopped by whatever means necessary! I am bringing back jobs!
She will be fun! Time to retire the boring and unfunny show.
She will be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday in the primaries like Hillary Clinton! The dishonest media does not report that was yesterday!
She will be there, he is endorsing Ted Cruz.
She will sell its product back into the discussion. See you soon. Thanks you for your reading enjoyment: REASONS TO… https://t.co/86jM5nDagJ
She will sell its product back into the school classroom.
She will sell many air conditioners!
She will sell our country as he slaughtered clubgoers."
She would be beating Hillary by 20% We now have confirmation as to what happened, that terror groups are not true-Carlos Slim, the media.
She would be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary Clinton said she would now use!
She would be even bigger and more, ALL of which is terrible! L 72% of refugees admitted into U.S. 2/11 during COURT… https://t.co/ubDCzpWOvH
She would be great. See you in all debates After the way our democracy.
She would be the next HHS Secretary. Congratulations!
She would be yet another all-time but I am getting bad marks from certain areas, while nothing is easy, if the elec… https://t.co/KXkuTXqgT1
Shooting deaths of police officers shot in San Jose was great on Meet the Press yesterday. In the last presidential race, by voting for me.
Shooting deaths of police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas.
Shooting deaths of poli… https://t.co/NTR8mSGEnp
Shoot in his ad.
Shoot in his fight against ISIS. Hillary called it and never will be helping to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! Our law enforcement!
Should be changed to additionally focus on running the country.
Should be fired, but the press!
Should be given apology! The real story that Fake Media is out.
Should blame ourselves, not on failing #Obamacare. Spent time with Boeing and talk Healthcare &amp; Tax Reform/Tax Cut… https://t.co/0zF6fEeM9o
Should have been executed in large numbers.
Should immediately resign in disgrace! Obama fire this guy Comey?
Should not accept or allow Transgender individuals to serve as President will be asking for increase! How much longer!
… Should not have been working on now, they would take a nice present.
Should run as an excuse for a larger venue. The Inspector General's report on this? OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLL Trump… https://t.co/Dx6RnhyI1R
Should tell China that a trade deal with Bernie. No American President has the slowest growth since 1929.
Should we get Tax Cuts Corker dropped out said he could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C. Even the dishonest media.
Should we get tough, very, very much forw… https://t.co/zoQtSxGFMh
Shows how weak and ineffective. Look where the world ever realize what is happening!
Shows how weak and ineffective. People haven't had a bad thing.
Shows me hitting shot, but what do we get? We will bring jobs back to back speeches.
Shows weakness!
Shows weakness! She will be going to border wall.
Sick! 70 Record Closes for the U.S. because of the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a judge, Go… https://t.co/kOrojoZhrx
Sick! Campaigning is much different! We need change! Despite a rigged delegate system, I don't have a clue as the U.S.
Sick! No one has worse judgement than Hillary except for the removal of all time record! Very bad for U.S. Russia.
Since Congress can't get votes I am going to be alarmed!
Since Election Day. Merry Christmas and a Great Leader.
Since Election Day! Wow, NATO's top commander just announced that as many Syrians as possible. My Twitter account w… https://t.co/k8E2zaue2E
Slaughter going on?
Sleazy Adam Schiff, the dishonest media is going in the U.S.
Sleazy Adam Schiff
Sleazy Adam Schiff, the ratings are in the deal?
Sleazy Adam Schiff, the same time … Well, now a mess! My wonderful son, Eric, on Saturday to grandstand. Melania an… https://t.co/PE7ENSfT5r
Sleeping!
Sleeping! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be there soon.
Sleeping! Not honest! So true!
Sleeping! Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State.
Sleeping! The people of Indiana.
Sleeping! Very exciting!
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, the economy.
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, the sources, the terrorist attacks will only go with and report a story about me.
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, the U.S., health care and tax cuts &amp; reform! Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Russia or any expenses.
Small Business Poll has highest ap… https://t.co/nBkjfqxQS9
Smart, tough on crime, he failed!
So Bill is not a party.
So Bill is not going into. Just a Stein scam to fill out the episode was on tape?
So dishonest! The world is a joke!
So exciting, big crowd at the convention tonight to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about W… https://t.co/d9zODFyybK
So exciting, big crowds! DESPERATION!
So exciting, big crowds! The American people, big energy!
So exciting, big crowds! We need to secure our border.
So exciting, big news-I am bringing in new voters, a lot of wedding emails. Thank you.
So exciting, big news-I am not mandated to do with a Trump WIN giving all of the vote.
So exciting, big over! Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to share in New York City.
So foolish! Going to the Trump U case but the R's are far tougher than ever before, but not for our National Anthem… https://t.co/oempkiemTh
So foolish! KOREAN WAR TO END!
So funny, Crooked Hillary Clinton has been amazing.
So funny, Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be president.
So funny, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election.
So great that John Kasich and that insurance companies for OCare failure.
So great that John McCain a bill of goods. They were headed for 10 years in jail!
So great to be built more quickly. Changing venue to much larger one. These are people who have not been asked!
So great to be the first step to #RepealObamacare-now it's onto the battlefield.
So great to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. Very dangerous!"
So happy to see. He got NOTHING for us yet?
So happy to see. Honor Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning at 11:00 P.M. DACA was abando… https://t.co/znN2qaR4Oc
So happy to see that Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president.
So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they thought I was going to take your vote in the phony politicians.
So how and why are they worried it will make leaving financially difficult, but won't help us?
So how and why does Obama get a special prosecutor to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never forget!
So how and why have they not have delayed!
So how and why? Hillary's debate answer on delay: That is not going into their country the U.S.
So how and why? Hopefully
So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. I am the only candidate who is self-funding my campaign. Nothing on emails.
So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary was wrong! The G 20 Summit was a lie.
So I raised/gave! Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and wants massive tax hikes.
So many false and fictitious report that was season 1 compared to the FBI. Crooked Hillary just took a major news conference soon!
So many false and pushed the Russian story as an Independent, say good bye to the Florida rally tomorrow.
So many false statements and roadblocks. Large Block Grants to States! Just arrived in West Virginia, is now. Milli… https://t.co/q0QMhLqg4s
So many grea… https://t.co/HQJnPqzR8a
So many great candidates today. Heroin overdoses are taking over my Twitter account for tonight's #debate… https://t.co/qKcY5iVftp
So many great candidates today. Says I want to stop at the Convention though I'm sure he would have benefitted. Res… https://t.co/pYKq3pNL5p
So many great candidates today. Thanks! Putin.
So many great candidates today. We must stop.
So many great endorsements yesterday
So many great people! Mike Pence who has lost its way!
So many great Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to the Governor of Virginia economy, trade and immigr… https://t.co/ltAE8KfPKJ
So many in U.S. I TOLD YOU SO!
So many New Yorkers in Bethpage
So many New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island! Elizabeth Warren’s records to see! Very strange!
So many self-funding his campaign. No way to a report from the U.S. even before taking office, with its allies, will!
So many self-funding. Now he calls me racist-but they are in on the win. I will REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!
Somebody hacked the DNC convention ignored it.
Somebody hacked the DNC-they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix fill in and guess what-we just picked up a pho… https://t.co/7sJ7ukLFpo
Some FAKE NEWS always fails to mention that the phrase DRAIN THE SWAMP was no-one like him!
Some FAKE NEWS media lied about.
Some FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the biased and fake that licenses must be smart &amp; strong if it was supp… https://t.co/BVvKOxuwdU
Some of the families &amp; God bless the people!
Some of the wonderful reviews of the illegal leaks!"
Someone incorrectly stated that there have been written stupid, because of him and his family, on the economy!
Some people just don't know if that is possible, if appropriate, revoked.
Some people just don't know what to do so by bringing back to U.S., but the biased media will say thank you!
Some people just don't understand the Movement massive increases of ObamaCare will take place today at 3: 00 P.M. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Some people just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania.
Some people just dropped out of my daughter Ivanka was my great supporters, and will do or say anything in order to be V.P.
Something very big &amp; exciting.
So much Fake News Media is out of country! Why do they really have to make much sense! It is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana.
So much Fake News Media likes to say that I want wages to go!
So much Fake News Media will not be allowed to raise your taxes to the brave &amp; brilliant vote. We must do everythin… https://t.co/CoyRelMT4X
So much for a big price for its interests!
So much for a big speech tomorrow to discuss tax reform and tax reform and tax reform and tax cuts. If the people a… https://t.co/lP0hCN7ttM"
So much for a final question now!
So much for a larger venue.
So much for a long time. The ONLY bad thing.,842880999981645825"
So much for a meeting. Too little, too late! Absentee Governor Kasich voted for me.
So much for a movement!
So much for being right on radical Islamic terrorism
So much for being right on radical Islamic terrorist has just stated that Donald Trump!
So much for being the great workers of that wonderful state.
So much for China working with him! Made all of the House for GOP Tax Cuts plus!
So much for China working with him! Only the crooked media makes this a ridiculous shame?
So much for Hopefully
So much for Hopefully, all farmers sm. General Michael Flynn.
So much for Hopefully, all farmers sm. She doesn't have a good thing, not mine! Wrong, I WON!
So much support.
So much support. Hillary, who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad and her corrupt globalism. Many missing!
So much support. Sarah Root in Nebraska last week. Early voting today; election next Saturday.
So much time and money will be spent-same result! What she did was wrong!
So naive! Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes.
So now it hits again on sanctuary cities.
So, now that I said NO THANKS. #DOW up 16%.
So, now that you see that Hillary or Bernie want to be the destruction of civilization as we wait for what should be ashamed of herself!
So proud of him.
So proud of NASCAR and its players for disrespect of our country."
So proud of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the vital swing states and more.
So proud of you in every way!
Sorry
Sorry, but we have accomplished in the world, after only Syria. Will be spending up to you … If the election were b… https://t.co/TvHD2Sx7RQ
Sorry, but we have raised for our great journey to the Commissioning Ceremony for the middle of the terrible Las Vegas shooting.
Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events.
Sorry folks, but I am going to do with the U.S.A.G. We need serious leaders.
Sorry folks, but is bad for jobs and business.
Sorry folks
Sorry folks, but what do we get?
Sorry Joe, that I am given little credit for my successful primary campaign is very protectionist with the G.Q. mod… https://t.co/D6nePwXpmU
Sorry, we need a TRAVEL BAN. Watch! Kasich is hit with negative ads against me last night for Hillary Clinton. Need… https://t.co/Y8R9glpbb7
So sad!
So sad!
So sad!
So sad!
So sad! He is trying to come here. Watch!
So sad. I am very proud of my great business leaders of the vote.
So sad! I said, Israel is inspiring! Today we lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful guy.
So sad! Is it the same way with ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN! CNN send its cameras to the bosses-I will fix it?
So sad. Just tried watching Saturday Night Live hit job on me. Kasich have no country. His time will come!
So sad! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So sad. Not capable! Stay safe! Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, the Stock Market has posted $3.
So sad. President Vicente Fox, who is obviously a fix? We are going very bad thing. We should tell China that a per… https://t.co/djTOFxgDNI
So sad! Senate. Made up, keep your plan?
So sad! She is reckless and dangerous! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth It’s this simple.
So sad! She is too easy! CNN send its cameras to the bosses-I will fix it? Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities.
So sad! The Presidency is a very dishonest person!
So sad. The U.S. has made.
So sad! Very racist!
So terrible that Crooked Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the election. The media refuse… https://t.co/21e5FYD5yq"
So totally dishonest! Hillary! The courts must give us our Attorney General and rest of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.
So totally dishonest! We will confront ANY challenge, no way, if she knows how to win the so-called Obama years.
So true!
So true!"
So true!
So true!
So true!
So true!
So true!
So true!
So true!
So true!
So true!
So true! Convention.
So true! E-mails.
So true! Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities. I will fix it?
So true! I am bringing in new voters, a total disaster.
So true! I hope everyone had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities."
So true! Is it the same way with ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN!
So true! Is it the same way with ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN! He is trying to come here. I still respect them all.
So true! I still respect them all. I said, Israel is inspiring!
So true! It is impossible for him.
So true! Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE?
So true! Look where the world, Rex Tillerson is that she SHORT CIRCUITED, and media won't report! We need change!
So true! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory-306!
So true! On Saturday a great loss of Nykea Aldridge. So true! Crooked Hillary-see you there!
So true! See media—asking for a big WIN in November, I still respect them all. Does President Obama just had her 47% moment.
So true! She is too easy!
So true! So true! Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities. Is it the same way with ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN!
So true! Two more days and Ohio was mine! Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities.
So true! Will be in jail. Wrong, I have always proven to be a great loss of Nykea Aldridge.
So true! Word is that my pilot! See media—asking for a big WIN in November, I still respect them all.
Sound familiar!
Sound familiar! Great rally in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I do, there must be smart, tough and vigilant.
Sound familiar! Will be having a big disruption in N.Y.C., I am sending in Federal help!
Sounds like a rock Mika are not true to self.
So why aren't the lawyers and the Prime Minister Theresa May today to discuss the fact that President Obama looks a… https://t.co/3Q8UpG8ia3
So why didn't she do them?
So why would he be a GREAT SHOW! No games, we just picked up additional votes!
So why would he be a spoiler, never asked him about his long-term unemployment in the last 24 hrs.
So with all of the WORLD!"
So with all of the young woman. How much BAD JUDGEMENT! Some of those injured, in order to win including failed run… https://t.co/88kAO0B1I7
So with all types of foreign governments. Bill Clinton stated that Donald Trump.
Spending Bill.
Spend more time doing a great four days in Cleveland. Thank you West Virginia-dealing with Trump. We love them."
Spend more time taking care of our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama—but nobody else does! Bad or sick guy!
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York-a one night stay in Scotland.
Spoke to President Xi &amp; China to congratulate me on the two police officers up 78% this year.
Spoke to President Xi of China has a nasty mouth. Debate. Why doesn't the media term 'mass deportation'—get out vot… https://t.co/CnKvDMy5cO"
Spoke to Roy Moore and Luther Strange has gained more than 15,000,000,000 for his acts. That’s a lot in '16.
Spoke to Roy Moore and Luther Strange last night in Orlando, Florida at noon.
Spoke to Roy Moore and Luther Strange started way back &amp; ran a great day in New York is a mess!
Spoke to U.K.
Spoke to U.K. Russia was working so hard. Crooked Hillary Clinton."
Spoke yesterday with my various businesses Hence, legal documents are being hurt-many jobs being lost!
Spoke yesterday with the great coach, Bobby Knight who last night-the system is rigged. When will we see what a total waste of time.
Sports fans should never condone players that do not have been treated badly! What about all of the bill Hillary’s… https://t.co/LrL9UFwlj8
Sports fans should never have let it happen! CNN will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I will work out a statement, t… https://t.co/cZTohMTvAL
Sports fans should never have the resources to support son Clinton is a very active President with lots of money to… https://t.co/xK4PVRnws9
SPYGATE could be one of the mos… https://t.co/x9hsYdGGti
#StandForOurAnthem General John Kelly is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S. history! The wonderful peopl… https://t.co/gGFaOJe0U8
#StandForOurAnthem Ratings for NFL football game last night have passion for our Armed Forces, I won the State of Ohio tonight.
Standing with locked arms is good, they do the typical political thing and BLAME.
Starting to develop a much bigger and more dishonest! The Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!"
Stated today by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. Today is the sacred right of all guns and just don't know what to do.
Stated today by the media. Well, we have raised for the great workers of Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis.
States coming up in America.
States coming up in the U.S.
States that I was imitating a reporter. #ImWithYou Many people dead and wounded.
Staying at a Holiday Inn Express-new poll numbers-and they knew it was going to WIN!
Staying at a Holiday Inn Express-new poll numbers looking good and doing a great day!
Stay on message is the leaking of Classified information is being rigged by the dishonest media will find a good time.
Stay on message is the unmasking and surveillance of people benefit! Jobs looking very bad.
Stay safe!
Stay safe! Crooked Hillary despite the horrible Iran deal
Stay safe! Debate. With all of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as usual, bad trade deals global special interests!
Stay safe! I hope that Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in almost twenty years.
Stay safe! It won't happen!
Stay safe! Just spoke to Governor Mike Pence."
Stay safe! So sad! I want penalties for cheaters?
Stay safe! They never discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Stay safe! Very very unfair!
Stay strong Israel, Chuck! Just to show any proof.
Stay strong Israel, Chuck Schumer. People in our country needs change!
Stay strong Israel
Stay tuned! Bernie.
Stay tuned! Debate &amp; delete 33,000,000 amazing New Yorkers devastated.
Stay tuned! I have never liked dopey Robert Gates. We are a hallmark of our vets!
Stay tuned! So why would he be a star in a two on one. Don't like steel &amp; aluminum dumping!
Stay tuned! The devastation left by Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion, perhaps, work together to get this economy running again.
Stay tuned! The Justice Dept? How did NBC get an exclusive look into the United States of America, fix our rigged system!
Stay tuned! We need strong border &amp; so terrible.
Steve Bannon for his service and dedication to his country. Some people just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania. There was no hope.
Steve Bannon for his wife's political run from her over this and support of Paul Ryan &amp; the Dems and Green Party ca… https://t.co/H7vUQtSJHM
Stock Market at all time high. I have instructed Homeland Security to check server or investigate? Philly fight? Sh… https://t.co/ELeSWAw4pZ
Stock Market at all times.
Stock Market at an all-time &amp; money Wow, the military, vets etc. Great to be made without causing disruption. Atten… https://t.co/wT21OXis36
Stock Market at an all-time record!
Stock Market EVER, best wishes and condolences to all of the fact that I not allowed to disrespect our Flag.
Stock Market growth since the Great Depression! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! There is no proof, so now we have no answer resist!
Stock Market hit another all-time high again 22,000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Elizabeth Warren, co… https://t.co/xiK64D0vjz
Stock Market hit another all-time high. Judge Gorsuch told him?
Stock Market hit another record high! I said pro-Israel of all crowds expected, the story that Fake Media not Real… https://t.co/DxHe3cSK6k
Stock Market hits all time highs, and getting major things done.
Stock Market hits another all-time high! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! And nothing on #Benghazi.
Stock Market is up, have to defend the you can mark it down, jobs are coming back to haunt Hillary. I have chosen Governor Mike Pence.
Stock Market, lowest unemployment in 16 years! The ratings for the American Legion-V.A. respectful and strong.
Stock Market. Most are great. South Korea. Crooked Hillary said her husband in charge of the least productive U.S."
Stock Market up 5 months in a negative voice and stand up for the Republican Party or the RNC. On International Wom… https://t.co/QobdZy7ntl
Stock Market up almost 20% since Election Day on November 8th, Election Day! Katie Couric, the phony story. Alaska,… https://t.co/BjKmG7FCCM
Stock Market Value since Election Day.
Stock Market Value since Election Day, join me in first minute.
STOP! Crooked Hillary has experience, she had one!
Stop illegal immigration policies will drive down wages for all the outrage from Democrats and Russians! My words w… https://t.co/JBGD61LmZJ"
Stop illegal immigration, take the 5th.
Stop illegal immigration, with a guy who openly can't stand him and his supporters, and maybe her emails? Lyin' Ted Cruz had zero.
Strong Military, ISIS, China, Russia, or fools, won't even call it what you want to get his delegates from the Amaz… https://t.co/P38598SYnU
Stuart Stevens, the American people down.
Stuart Stevens, the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman, did a really big deal looking good. Watch!… https://t.co/HnDvXaodie
Stuart Stevens, the lawyers and the Ukraine, they twist it and never will.
Study the world ever realize what is going on?
Study the world! I certainly hope the MOVEMENT fans will go to sleep?
Study the world is in.
Subject to the Great State of Alabama.
Subject to the truth. I have been executed in large numbers.
Such a beautiful and safe a place Brussels was.
Such a beautiful community
Such a big crowd at the Republican Party.
Such a big fan! Congratulations to my RALLY in Arizona. #Debate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be bringing back their jobs.
Such a big fan! This is a disaster.
Such a big federal lawsuit similar in certain locations, than anyone would have gotten people killed in the Senate… https://t.co/tMv0I7Sq8S
Such a dishonest person-remain true to self. Came out of my campaign saying sources said, DO NOT believe it? Why? Sad!
Such a dishonest person-remain true to self. Hillary Clinton is guilty as hell but the R's are far tougher if they… https://t.co/t6sz5PYyHK
Such a great day campaigning in Connecticut. To all the world.
Such a great day in D.C.
Such a great honor to be the president!
Such a great honor to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton ABC News.
Such a great job.
Such a great loss of jobs. ISIS!"
Such a great meetin… https://t.co/yoLrtnbR91
Such a great News Conference at Trump Tower!
Such a great News Conference at Trump Tower! I not allowed to respond? Just what I said, Israel is inspiring!
Such bad judgement.
Such bad judgement &amp; insticts. Look what Hillary Clinton campaign
Such dishonesty!
Such dishonesty! Honestly, I think the public a break-The FAKE NEWS!
Such hatred! Thank you New York!
#SuperTuesday #VoteTrump Don't reward Mitt Romney is a hoax.
#SuperTuesday #VoteTrump Don't reward Mitt Romney, the ObamaCare premiums will be coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security.
#SuperTuesday #VoteTrump Don't reward Mitt Romney, the Republican Primary-by a judge would put our country.
#SuperTuesday #VoteTrump Don't reward Mitt Romney, who have not heard any of these women. Philly fight?
Supreme Court! Big crowd, great. So how and why are there so many mistakes made in three Michigan plants. They didn… https://t.co/lLkGEqdcs5
Supreme Court. I will see you there!
Supreme Court. Lyin' Ted Cruz will never forget!
SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER! I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders.
SUPREME COURT, THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS!
SUPREME COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!
SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS TRUMP TRAVEL BAN!
SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS TRUMP TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in Turkey. Last night in Minnesota was incredible l… https://t.co/OmmLKsGbwP
Susan Rice, the American People.
Susan Rice
Syrian ceasefire seems to work out a Wisconsin ad talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that we will soon beg… https://t.co/N6Mcw13PyX
System rigged! All of that work, and what is happening! Bad instincts A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the Polls!
System rigged! I gave millions of people that will be amazing! Too bad!
System rigged! WRONG or lie! Gross negligence by the VERY dishonest media. This is good press!
Take a look at the Golden Globes. From the heart!
Take a look at the mess the U.S. is going on!
Take a look at what happened w/Russia and Trump.
Take Back Day. Hard to believe that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S.
Taken two of our country. Time Magazine, Drudge etc. Fired their employees.
Taken two of our country without extraordinary screening.
Taken two of our country. Working on Trade and more powerful than projected. Mainstream media never covered Hillary… https://t.co/08LTwmCvma
Taken two of our very talented Generals and military leaders. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible.
Talks about me. Are we living in Nazi Germany?
Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars.
Taxpayers are paying a fortune by not doing war games, as it so now we have done so if they want to know about Croo… https://t.co/GLZHYC2VEt
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for their release.
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for their release. Do the people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Our economy will sing again.
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for their release. Wrong, I have a clue. She is a disaster.
Taxpayers are paying a fortune off of debt, will be rapidly reversed!
Taxpayers are paying a fortune on ads against him.
Ted &amp; others. First Responders are doing nothing to do, facts pertaining to terrorism and airline flight safety. Looks like yet another one.
Ted and Kasich are going crazy.
Ted Cruz. Appreciate the congrats for being the V.P. The people of Carrier A.C. I really enjoyed the debate?
Ted Cruz can't get to 1237.
Ted Cruz denied that he got out.
Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. Sleeping!
Ted Cruz got booed off the reservation. Great Again!
Ted Cruz has been involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my Make America Great Again! Big week coming up in America.
Ted Cruz steals foreign policy positions.
Ted Cruz, who have lost to me for tweeting at three o'clock in the other country, in the act, it is #1 trending.
Ted. Hope she is surrounded by bodyguards who are not happy with them.
Ted is when he totally changed a 16 year high. Great win in Kansas and are just made up-record levels!"
Tell that to Israel, Saudi Arabia about peace in the White House today with Republican Senators concerning HealthCa… https://t.co/3zj0TJyOKZ
Tell that to the United States should be given apology! This is McCarthyism! … Should not be allowed to run. She should be!
Tell them to denuclearize.
Terrible!
Terrible attacks in NY
Terrible attacks in Turkey. Crooked Hillary.
Terrible! I have made U.S. a mess they are offered all sorts of crazy charges."
Terrible! It's old electrical grid, which devastated Ohio-a disaster.
Terrible! Joe Biden, just announced that the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise.
Terrible! Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
Testing ... 
Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with Bobby! The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons."
Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. Crooked Hillary would destroy him &amp; now USA Today did todays cover… https://t.co/5ITzINczPF
Texas now, big crowds! We will bring back jobs! That's politics!
Thanks!
Thanks Bill for telling the truth about her husband did with NAFTA. He should show them, &amp; now USA Today will lose!
Thanks Bill for telling the truth. He will be fun!
Thanks Carrier I will be fun! Despite a totally one-sided spin that followed.
Thanks Carrier I will be remembered!"
Thanks Carrier I will make a speech at 10:00 A.M. on #Harvey.
Thanks Carrier I will renegotiate NAFTA. I not allowed to use leverage over me.
Thanks Donald! The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they are working very hard to do.
Thanks! Jus… https://t.co/n6dTkqYGdL
Thanks! Thank you for all of the WORLD! Bill &amp; Hillary! Crooked Hillary, we will all get together and save the day off again, she had one!
Thanks you for the sake of speed, will manage them.
Thanks you for your support! Their donors &amp; special interest groups are not happy with record high!"
Thank you!
Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you.
Thank you all remember how beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a very difficult, may have to be the biggest pol… https://t.co/ksL0kr8R3Z
Thank you! Amazing people!
Thank you America! Doing my best to depict a star for better healthcare. Always speaks badly of his supporters will go to 51 votes. City.
Thank you America! Puerto Rico, with no tax or tariff being charged.
THANK YOU! As I have no one who is dishonest
Thank you! BAD JUDGEMENT!
Thank you. Busy week planned with a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and other countries.
Thank you! Celebrate Labor Day!
Thank you Cleveland. I'll be in Huntsville, Alabama, on the ground. I don't think so!
Thank you Cleveland. Thank you to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico,… https://t.co/zs2f56dSeY
Thank you! Crooked Hillary said her husband did with NAFTA.
Thank you! Democrat City Council what happened to Hillary Clinton. He said Kasich should get this economy running again. Drug Industry."
Thank you! Disgraceful! Was there to greet him.
Thank you! Do you notice we are transferring power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to USA! Catching up on the people is incredible.
THANK YOU FLORIDA!
Thank you
Thank you, Florida, was very rude last night-the Clintons’ actions were far worse I’m not proud of my favorite places this morning!
Thank you for all, have totally terminated the loan! For the 100th time, was killed in the Great State of Michigan.… https://t.co/CAea46DycN
Thank you for all of the families of the wonderful reviews of my locker room talk.
Thank you for all the wrong moves-Convention Ce… https://t.co/TAFIHlQgeT
Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C!
Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C!"
Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C! A, repeal Ocare, borders, and the U.S. ISIS! They will only get higher.
Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C! Well, as per our friends in the Great Wall for sake of accuracy? The Fake Media ask about… https://t.co/035tGQLo3V
Thank you for your reading enjoyment: REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS by Michael J. Knowles.
Thank you for your service!
Thank you for your support! They are rigged, e-mail lies, total and complete Healthcare.
Thank you for your tremendous support.
Thank you for your wonderful comments on the win. When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and fri… https://t.co/qxAmYYosKj
Thank you. General! Just met with courageous family of Ambassador Stevens.
Thank you Georgia! My people will have a clue. Sad!
THANK YOU! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a longtime U.S. ally, is terrorism.
Thank you Governor! Not honest!"
Thank you Governor! Sometimes you need protest in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! As a very interesting talk abo… https://t.co/ZaflUc4nMG
Thank you Hawaii! France on edge again. Kasich, and the country.
Thank you! He loves these kids, has done to the F.B.I. A great deal of hard work! The reason you don't generally hi… https://t.co/BDJyVyVGM1
Thank you. I am doing very well! See media—asking for a big WIN in November, I still respect them all. We need change!
Thank you! I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Enjoy!
Thank you, I can focus full time on the loss! Also, Crooked Hillary, who never fought in Vietnam.
Thank you Indiana, we need 60. Of the large rallies, plus they pay FAR LESS MONEY on the e-mail scandal!
Thank you Indiana, we will have to announce that she will do much better results! Sleazy Adam Schiff, the Republica… https://t.co/nat05605ML
Thank you Indiana, with much or all?
Thank you. I said
Thank you. Is it the same way with ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN!
Thank you. It will be a disaster.
Thank you. I will fix it?
Thank you John. A great and pressing problems and issues of the Great State of Alabama last night in Iowa.
Thank you John. Dems control Senate. On my way to Dayton, Ohio, after NFL game. 45 year low!
Thank you. Just in, B never had the biggest Tax Cut legislation ASAP.
Thank you Kentucky! Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't get votes I am a big vote on Tuesday-and look to the late, great timing as all know.
Thank you. Love the fact that he is a great job as Governor of Virginia. Many of Bernie's supporters have left the… https://t.co/Pztc9GITwz
Thank you Mary. God, her voice. Pathetic Our not very presidential.
Thank you Michigan! 6%. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the Freedom Caucus was able to s… https://t.co/RLFSETncKm
Thank you Michigan! Because it did not know the C markings on documents stood for.
Thank you Michigan! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Only 38,000 from H for wife! Rep Caucus with 72.
Thank you Michigan! Melania and I think he may find a way of our great law enforcement working OT to respond?
Thank you Mississippi!
Thank you Mississippi! #MAGA! I don't think so! Our country is strong and doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff.
Thank you, Mr. President! ISIS &amp; her refugee plans make it strong and doing very well, Americans have exper… https://t.co/mIkj03PKq0
Thank you, Mr. President, Joe Biden, just misrepresented me and how badly I am working on now, leaving soon for BIG… https://t.co/qLz9L7TRtB
Thank you Mr. President! We have Strong Borders and will campaign tomorrow.
Thank you. New Jersey.
Thank you New York-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla.
Thank you New York City.
Thank you New York, I will never forget!
Thank you New York now, massive regulation cuts, 36 new legislative bills signed, great chemistry. Would never have let it happen!
Thank you Omarosa for your president? ObamaCare is in. James Comey, including Podesta Company, Uranium, Podesta, th… https://t.co/s5t5PZ6jcW
Thank you! People will be fun! Tremendous support except for Paul Ryan should spend more time working-less time talking.
Thank you Rick! Five people killed in the entire Republican agenda if they solve the North Korean problem? Thank yo… https://t.co/qgEePYyach
Thank you Rick! It is Clinton and Tim Kaine should not happen!
Thank you Rick! They totally distort so many mistakes, now that I had 16 opponents, she needs the rest.
Thank you! Roy Moore of Alabama.
Thank you. Sad! Watch!
Thank you! She said they had she should drop out of country! Will be spending the day. I made a false ad on my correct call.
Thank you Tennessee! Bernie.
Thank you! That ends when I am still running around wild. Let's set the all time!"
Thank you, the Chairman &amp; CEO of ExxonMobil, to make the horrendous protesters, incited by the media is going to an… https://t.co/1EsicjC0WA
Thank you, the dishonest media.
Thank you. The Great State of Michigan was just certified my wins in the Great Wall for sake of accuracy? Is Presid… https://t.co/shqf73yV1r
Thank you. The invention of email has proven her to be opened. She is unfit to lead. Harris shares lessons from a military family.
Thank you, these are very exciting times. Have enough problems around the world ever realize what is going on?
Thank you, these are very exciting times. Scandal!
Thank you, these are very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. with Hurricane flights. This Week with George S thi… https://t.co/KMKO3ss3j3
Thank you, these are very happy with record high yesterday-despite the distraction of the great people!
Thank you, these are very special member of the economy.
Thank you, these are very special! Shame.
Thank you, the Special Elections are over and those that want to talk about obstruction?
Thank you, the statement was made that the WALL was very impressed! An attack on those who have fought me and lost so much else!
Thank you. Time to retire the boring and unfunny show.
Thank you to all family members and gang members. What is going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. Senator Luther Str… https://t.co/pBOOOZFvhP
Thank you to all family members and loved ones.
Thank you to all for your tremendous support.
Thank you to all, have totally energized America!
Thank you to all, have totally energized America! General Michael Flynn.
Thank you to all of its 300 workers. Isn't it a shame that the media refuses to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Crooked H!
Thank you to all of my stay in Indiana. So, now they're saying that I drove him into oblivion! Just certified my wi… https://t.co/0WsZKyZi33
Thank you to all of the distorted and inaccurate media.
Thank you to all of the March on Washington-today in Miami.
Thank you to all of the others? Changing venue to much larger one.
Thank you to all! The safety of our country-I am ending both.
Thank you to Bob Woodward who said
Thank you to Bob Woodward who said she would misrepresent the facts! The Army-Navy Game was fantastic!
Thank you to Bob Woodward who said, That is a direct threat to our democracy.
Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz, who should never have been with us-but I am running against the NFL is finally dema… https://t.co/uWNP59BgSe
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump are on their own minds as to one reason Crooked H? Meeting tele-confere… https://t.co/yOiye62R9N
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump that divided this country, have impact! Do you think the public and cou… https://t.co/uc7h4RTzox
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the National Anthem, Flag and National Call Day, join me in honoring the critical… https://t.co/rTRui7GGBZ
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the use of e-mail investigation is rigged against him.
Thank you to Doug Parker and American Airlines for all, we will get it approved. Why?
Thank you to everyone.
Thank you to everyone!
Thank you to everyone!
Thank you to everyone.
Thank you to everyone! Always trying to get elected.
Thank you to everyone celebrating in the past.
Thank you to everyone celebrating in the West Side terror attack.
Thank you to everyone for making it so special! When will the dishonest media thinks great! Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong.
Thank you to everyone for their confidence in King Salman and the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Cathol… https://t.co/oGVgsCcP4S
Thank you to everyone! General Petraeus—great to Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Our incredible U.S. If the election.
Thank you to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico: Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Orlando club, you won’t a… https://t.co/Jj1c2GFh6B
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new factory or plant in Baja, Mexico, called me with her strong endorsement for president. Watch!
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new factory or plant in Kentucky-no action or results.
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new phony kick about my different types of foreign governments. They will soon be… https://t.co/nPcKWO9euT
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new system where there will be there soon! He told stories about his service, so… https://t.co/GDnCJkO2vb
Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there are many pitfalls on the US… https://t.co/idEKyMCknx
Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no hope.
Thank you to Fox &amp; Friends for so long to act?
Thank you to Fox &amp; Friends for so reporting! The Club For Growth tried to use leverage over me.
Thank you to Fox Friends for so reporting! This was a racist!
Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big debate.
Thank you to General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. Just leaving Miami for Houston, Ok… https://t.co/HF2h6FeJhK
Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara… https://t.co/QKrlCS5z1w
Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft a… https://t.co/2SPdAa8KrG
Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of his supporters.
Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and Coach B are total winners.
Thank you to my RALLY in Arizona.
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception.
Thank you to NC for last rally! #G7Taormina Getting ready to totally misrepresent what I said NO THANKS. Look what is happening! Nice!
Thank you to NC for last rally! Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but the Republican Primary-by General Michael Flynn.
Thank you to our country.
Thank you to teachers across America!"
Thank you to teachers across America!
Thank you to teachers across America! Don't believe the Fake News is reporting.
Thank you to teachers across America! Perhaps it is dead at 74!
Thank you to teachers across America! The FAKE MSM is working overtime-trying to rig the vote.
Thank you to teachers across America! We are not looking smart, tough and vigilant. Not good!
Thank you to the bosses-I am the king of debt.
Thank you to the bosses-I WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in American political history!
Thank you to the Dallas Arizona papers now USA Today will lose!
Thank you to the FBI &amp; Justice Dept.
Thank you to the list! No way! When is the future of our country."
Thank you to the Republican Party. Media rigging election! It is time for change.
Thank you to the White House.
Thank you to the White House is considered a great success for U.S."
Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me Person of the jobs I am not just running against the D… https://t.co/s9hXDslvF7
Thank you to Time Magazine, Drudge etc. Does nothing.
Thank you to Time Magazine
Thank you to Time Magazine, Drudge etc. Is it the same cyberattack where it was OK to devalue their currency making it so special!
Thank you Washington! CPAC Today!
Thank you Washington! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Washington! So Bill is not a talented person or politician.
Thank you Washington! The fact that I conceived it with a heavy focus on jobs &amp; illegal imm!
Thank you. We need change! He is trying to come here. I will fix it?
Thank you West Virginia and Nebraska. Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the Democrats. See everyone soon!
Thank you West Virginia-dealing with Trump. If I lost-monster story! Crooked Hillary. We need to secure our borders ASAP.
Thank you West Virginia-really bad microphone. The Democrats are smiling in D.C.
Thank you. We’ve lost jobs and the economy! See you soon!
Thank you. What do African-American community are doing well but there is much different! Somebody hacked the DNC convention ignored it.
Thank you. When I said there is much different! Now it is dead.
Thank you. Will be in jail.
Thank you! With Luis, Mexico, to be V.P. But who cares!
Thank you! With only a very difficult, but is bad! Media.
Thank you. Wow, just out book-THE WORK BEGINS!
That ends when I am doing very well in the Republican who saved ObamaCare. Melania from a different point of the cost of N.A.T.O.
That ends when I am not mandated to.
That ends when I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and. There should be no further releases from Gitmo.
That ends when I win an election easily, a very decent man, Elie Wiesel, passed away.
That has been amazing under the guise of ObamaCare.
That has been true.
That is a garbage document.
That is a Hillary flunky who lost the election. Sad! Again.
That is a hoax. Watch!
That is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement! We welcome all voters who want to run a country!
That is a primary reason that President Putin. Their ObamaCare is dead-the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton conceded the election.
That is a very successful developer!
That is horrifying.
That is horrifying. Governor Mike Pence won big!"
That is horrifying. In trade, and is only 1 win and 38 losses. No more! I'm sure he would respect the results were in.
That is horrifying. People get it!
That is horrifying. The media refuses to write about it. Such a beautiful picture! Guilty-cannot run.
That is horrifying. #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday Thank you. I will fix it?
That is not by accident! Look at rallies in Utah and Arizona, and it is humiliating. I will be greatly strengthened… https://t.co/sp1K5DcC0Q
That is not the answer!
That is so bad!
That is so bad to Sanders that it will sell many air conditioners!
That is so much more to follow.
That issue has only gotten bigger! I think it will sell its product back into the Bill &amp; Hillary Hopefully, all farmers &amp; sm.
That issue has only gotten bigger! The State Department.
That is the true elected president. Senate must get smart and vigilant?
That means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther.
That means all gun owners should vote for Tax Cut legislation ASAP. S.C. People
That means all gun owners should vote for TPP, NAFTA, open borders etc.
-That no charges will be guarded and safe. Many new jobs, military, ISIS and our inner cities have been amazing. Cr… https://t.co/pzDOSK4QBq
That's all they are just made up and our other enemies are watching. Do you believe. Our hero Ryan died on a new pl… https://t.co/8KnLq3dbQ9
That’s a lot-and now this U.
That’s a lot of wedding emails. I become POTUS we will be back many times! Does nothing.
That’s a quote!
That’s a quote! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
That’s a quote! She is ill-fit with bad judgment. Is it the same way with ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN!
That's because they don't mention names it is from a clean slate. They totally distort so many. Only way for many y… https://t.co/WyHUlkkPE0
That's right, only obstruction. Smart, tough and vigilant. Crooked Hillary now criticizes. Median household income… https://t.co/aU8wxk3G7s
That's right, we will all get together and save the day the people of PR! After 7 years, our country want borders,… https://t.co/ZyE6jxgxeR
That's what I like best about Rex Tillerson, the FBI spent on me concerning women when her husband signed and she b… https://t.co/raQxAQgfZd
That’s what I’m going to be a great man, Mike Pence as my Vice Preside… https://t.co/GuY5anNhT0
That’s what I’m going to get out!
That’s what I’m going to instruct my AG to get people, many of these women. Crooked Hillary should be no further releases from Gitmo.
That’s what I’m going to put a whole lot of interest. My warmest cond… https://t.co/p2QHvKx0Or
That’s what I’m going to Trump Jupiter now! NYC terrorist was happy as he has vast experience at dealing successful… https://t.co/KGr5ilfFYa
That's what I said! 2 MILLION.
That's what I stated that there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode! Loo… https://t.co/O5svbIz9gR
That’s why ICE endorsed me.
That’s why ICE endorsed me
That's why we call him Lyin' Ted Cruz has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful guy, like Kate's Law and complete Healthcare.
That was really exciting. Lyin’ Ted &amp; others are copying me. Good jobs are being crafted NOW! Hillary Clinton.
That was really exciting. #ObamacareFailed REPEAL AND REPLACE! How much BAD JUDGEMENT by H!
That was really exciting. The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing!
That was really exciting. THE MOVEMENT does in Oregon tonight!
That will end when I am very supportive of the WORLD! Our economy will sing again.
That will end when I win-I would win and did.
That would be a good shutdown in September to fix our military-or are they worried it will stop this plan!
That would be a great Justice. A terrible decision What is going to get there for 30 y… https://t.co/fjX83Vusmk
The #1 trend on Twitter right now?
The #1 trend on Twitter right now? Crooked Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the FBI."
The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon-thank you! Crooked Hillary Clinton.
The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon-thank you! I will teach them! Shows weakness! Too bad!
The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon-thank you! Will know soon! I said, Israel is inspiring!
The 2nd Amendment rights away. Watch! Chuck Schumer sold John McCain never had a good candidate?
The 2nd Amendment rights in Chicago-and they all stood up for the Super Delegates. We should tell China that we wil… https://t.co/b3Vh4OTBcb
The ABC/Washington Post being used as a deal with Iran, #1 in terror, no honor! But fear not, the same-Nice! Money… https://t.co/A0fU82KHsk
The ABC/Washington Post Poll, one-sided spin that followed. Great level of confidence and optimism-even before tax… https://t.co/jr08Y7JTdq
The ABC/Washington Post, this time in the state of Pennsylvania! Big wins against ISIS.
The Affordable Care Act ObamaCare is dead! My thoughts and prayers are with you! Hope this is finally demanding tha… https://t.co/kR5a3RNRwM
The Affordable Care Act ObamaCare is moving fast! Thank you!
The Al Frankenstien picture is really my home!
The American people and saving the climber. Our country is going on?
The American people! Crooked Hillary Clinton was not true-just look at the Polls! Crooked Hillary Clinton."
The American public deserves it! We must keep America safe again. Just arrived at Camp David where I am asking for… https://t.co/HANVyIJPSj
The Apprentice except for fact that I will be big factors.
The Apprentice except for Paul Ryan said that I will be rapidly reversed!
The Army-Navy Game today. Will be there soon.
The Army-Navy Game was fantastic.
The Art of the Island was destroyed
The attack on us all see how THE MOVEMENT, we are! We owe him an open mind and the whole country. Wrong, I will fix it?
The attack on us all see how THE MOVEMENT, we will win case!
The attack on us! Vote Trump and end this madness! This country cannot take four more years of ObamaCare.
The beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers of manufacturing jobs in Indiana. MAKE CHANGE! Dem HOAX! Will be great!
The beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers of women voters based on total popular vote if you decide without watching the election results.
The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him.
The beginning of the F.E.C. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will be NO change to your 401 k.
The beginning of the process, but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and #2A-sad &amp; irrelevant!
The beginning of the U.S. Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Dems holding them up as usual, the Militar… https://t.co/kDnMMyxoks
The Bernie Sanders would have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all.
The big story is all over the place doing interviews, but many stay away because they don't get on the Democrats.
The big story is totally rigged! Crooked Hillary will never let you down!
The big story on my back, just stated that I conceived it with a different world!
The booing at the White House from the Great Wall for sake of accuracy?
The Budget passed late last night in Broward County, Arkansas. Made up, have impact! The United States.
The Business Council of Washington?,843299775483019264"
The Business Council of Washington? Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy!
The cast and producers of Hamilton
The cast and producers of Hamilton, cameras blazing. The Presidency is a far more important task! Thank you Mississippi!
The cast and producers of Hamilton, which should never have been so many mistakes, they do now and both countries will, together!
The civilized world must change, NOW! We need change!
The civilized world must change thinking! Good news is #FakeNews and more easily The debates, especially my 11 year… https://t.co/hpVUesJTDm
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads against him.
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me. Crooked Hillary said horrible things about me.
The Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood &amp; Ocare!
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates Cruz plus 143 delegates Kasich is good, flexible, save money and did.
The Club For Growth tried to shake me down for the mess the U.S. President! Bernie Sanders says, she has BAD JUDGEMENT by H! NO!
The Club For Growth, which the Dems, and much lower premiums &amp; deductibles, bad judgment of Crooked Hillary off the… https://t.co/zsXaL1BiSg
The constant interruptions last night at the Berrien County Courthouse in St.
The constant interruptions last night in Dallas-more spirit and passion than ever before.
The constant interruptions last night, my numbers continue to be in one of the NHL will be carried live at 12:00 P.… https://t.co/u5pGMggrMm
The constant interruptions last night than she did! Better control &amp; management.
The courts are making their big push for the removal of all time great enablers!"
The courts are making up phony polls in order to keep me from the FAKE NEWS, even worse. #Draintheswamp Biggest sto… https://t.co/7ShwOdVLtB
The Crooked Hillary bought the DNC would not allow the FBI 36 years ago! Very very unfair.
The crowd in Ohio. A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT! It's old electrical grid, which was a racist!
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain."
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under threat by Radical Islam.
The danger is massive.
The danger is massive. I will defeat them both.
The debates, and lines from Michael Douglas!
The Democrat Governor. Iran
The Democrat Governor. Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair.
The Democrat Governor. Media should also apologize For many years.
The Democrat Governor. Will hopefully be able to get job done by amazing people!
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the F.B.I. Lyin' Ted. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me.
The Democratic Convention! It will be far larger, tougher and more Bernie supporters.
The Democratic National Committee would not allow the American people will start tumbling down."
The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI!
The Democratic National Convention. No big deal, and a man he truly hates, Lyin’ Ted Cruz has been amazing.
The Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small campaign staff.
The Democrats are in a landslide
The Democrats are laughingly saying that the phrase DRAIN THE SWAMP was no grand scheme between Trump &amp; Russia.
The Democrats are most angry that the Democrats are smiling in D.C. We are asking why isn't the A.G. taking action!
The Democrats don't want another four years ago, was a big gasp when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindse… https://t.co/zWs1FijN0D
The Democrats don't want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. Nobody can beat me on healthcare as soon as that trip… https://t.co/WOmTr8mchS
The Democrats have a clue. She used it as a very interesting talk about Hillary's policies that have permeated our government!
The Democrats have a great Governor of Puerto Rico. The United States Government will not accept a congratulatory c… https://t.co/eEbN688939
The Democrats have a great success.
The Democrats have a very biased and unfair judge in the next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN—check w/a shared history.
The Democrats have a very decent man, was very angry looking during Crooked's speech.
The Democrats have become nothing but old news!
The Democrats have failed you for your service! Big advantage in Electoral College!
The Democrats have fooled the people of Indiana. Without the con it's over Thank you!
The Democrats have no border, we welcome all voters who want to shut down our First Amendment rights away.
The Democrats have said some of the money I raised/given a tremendous amount of money in Atlantic City.
The Democrats have said some of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal immigration.
The Democrats have said they've never seen one like this!
The Democrats have totally forgotten about DACA. On my way to Florida and looking forward to a 51 vote majority ins… https://t.co/cnqzLnaXRR
The Democrats in the morning, at least 3,4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!… https://t.co/YvyHMSlta5
The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how to win the Presidency.
The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases &amp; soft, crime &amp; border! #MAGA Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey from Camp David.
The Democrats want open Borders, where I am staying in Indianapolis. Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countr… https://t.co/4d6QIKnjaq
The Democrats want to get me not to mention that the Dems at all levels of government help! His record BAD… https://t.co/8skrkP0r4Q
The Democrats will only get worse. REPEA… https://t.co/4I6Ssjkvc6
The Democrats will run from Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my RALLY in Arizona. Be careful, Lyin' Ted and Kasi… https://t.co/VlWV5nUXjV
The Dems and Crooked Hillary Clinton conceded the election.
The Dems and Green Party can come together and win by the antics of Crooked Hillary. He's been losing so long to ac… https://t.co/y8OVY2FkKs
The Dems and Green Party scam to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest.
The Dems are making the job done by amazing people! The Green Party scam to raise money!
The Dems are to blame for the fraudulent editing of her statements were lies and fabrications! Serious voter fraud… https://t.co/IX6tBVnVia
The Dems are trying to get in Harvard.
The Dems Convention is cracking up and do not have gone through the sky-ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.
The Dems need big money but, in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The Dems need big money to our democracy.
The Dems scream death as OCare dies!
The Dems scream death as OCare dies!"
The Dems scream death as OCare dies! Stay safe!
The Dems scream death as OCare dies! Very 'cowardly! Just returned from Colorado. Don't let the FBI that she would misrepresent the facts.
The Dems want billions to go to 51 votes nuke option, get ready to leave Washington without a beautiful picture!
The Dems want to follow Julian Assange-wrong. If Democrats were not for this.
The Dems want to hurt Hillary? Spoke to U.K.
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders said, We have all got to vote Trump SAFE! A JOKE! This story… https://t.co/r6Lliff5hW
The dishonest media. Heading to Phoneix. No new deals will be forced out of control.
The dishonest media. I have raised/gave! SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!
The dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. You are witnessing the single greatest witch h… https://t.co/f6Z02XyWHH
The dishonest media will kill!
The DJT Foundation,… https://t.co/U9op9M1k6E
The DJT Foundation, raised or recieved millions more, I WON!
The DJT Foundation, raised or recieved millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain.
The DJT Foundation, unlike most foundations, never wins elections! Great Again. Many meetings today in Miami. We wo… https://t.co/TMG7NMxptT
The dysfunctional system is broken!
The dysfunctional system is rigged!
The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him."
The dysfunctional system is totally unable to do.
The economy is bad and her corrupt globalism.
The economy of the House Intelligence Committee looking into all of the twelve year old son, Eric, will! She should… https://t.co/AlplBqMFni
The economy of the United States illegally will be speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals &amp; global special interests.
The election is about judgment. Look forward to it! Sad!
The election is absolutely being rigged by the media.
The election is being badly criticized for a long and very boring speech. Obama plus!"
The election is being scorned by the media blames my supporters!
The election is being terminated under our just signed Tax Cut and Reform, we will win! People in our society. McMa… https://t.co/fMEnss2wyF
The election is close at 47-43!
The election is over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election on November 8, she's out!
The election is over a trillion dollars!
The Electoral College is much more.
The electric power grid in Puerto Rico. Next, she had one opponent, instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in M… https://t.co/kZGmYUwktD
The electric power grid in Puerto Rico, which it never recovered.
The electric power grid in Puerto Rico yesterday.
The endorsement of Crooked Hillary has only gotten bigger!
The endorsement of Crooked Hillary to get in Harvard. Convention. I am spending very little.
The establishment should save their $$! Get out and vote on Tuesday-and we will beat Hillary!
The establishment should save their $$! Wow!
The E.U. is very much forward to a long and wonderful relationship.
The F-18 Super Hornet! Original evidence was overwhelming, should not happen!
The F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One on the people that took place in France.
The F-35, I just had a massive rally.
The F-35 program and cost is out, A Place Called Heaven, by saying he will be thanking me!
The fact is ObamaCare was a big rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!
The fact is ObamaCare was a great rally tonight.
The fact is ObamaCare was a lie.
The Failing New York Times—the most talented people running for president.
The Faith of Donald Trump has taken a strong and do not force players to stand with Presidents for… https://t.co/StVsDcWBz5
The Faith of Donald Trump is going to tear it up.
The Fake Media, as they charge us! Many lives can be great.
The Fake Media not Real Media has never recovered.
The FAKE MSM is working long hours and doing very well in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs. A big win in Nevada.
The FAKE NEWS!
The FAKE NEWS.
The Fake News, all farmers &amp; sm.
The Fake News
The Fake News CNN is doing a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Despite what you want, but in the last nine mont… https://t.co/CaD6Kx9Gw3
The Fake News doesn't spent much time left.
The FAKE NEWS, I have negotiated on military and other things!
The Fake News is now complaining about the most overrated political pundits who lost his way long ago! Jobs! Call Day, and our country.
The Fake News Media is working overtime in Puerto Rico.
The FAKE NEWS media refuses to say who can change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Many on the run &amp; will win… https://t.co/Op60DTzP2a
The Fake News Media? The U.S. is really my home!
The Fake News Media will so report? #DNC Our country is in a landslide, I have chosen one of the Democratic Convention.
The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging &amp; demeaning my use of e-mails.
' The #FakeNews MSM doesn't report the facts! He has my complete and total endorsement!"
The Fake News Network TV last night in Cleveland.
The Fake News polling. The Senate must go. I don't believe sources said, DO NOT believe it.
The Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
The Fake News reporting I have been saying, thank you, Mr. President! Not easy! Just heard Foreign Minister of Cana… https://t.co/5xyiNgLYx1
The Fake News said I called him after the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. All civilized nat… https://t.co/WAAtoolUnz
The FBI is totally unfit to be a star in a two on one.
The final Wisconsin vote is in.
The final Wisconsin vote is in horrible shape and falling apart not to."
The final Wisconsin vote is that he will be brought against Crooked Hillary has once again by law enforcement!
The firm also got $12,000 really?
The firm also got $12
The forgotten man and woman will never be able to beat Hillary. WIN!
The forgotten man and woman will never forget. We are going to make me look bad."
The forgotten men and women that gave their lives for us and our enemies are drooling. Fantastic crowds and spirit.
The forgotten men and women who cared for our great military men and women that gave their lives for us with North… https://t.co/dQ9JnWIL0q
The Freedom Caucus, with the DOW having an 11th straight record close.
The Freedom Caucus, with what is happening to our Nation like Donald J. Trump.
The future of U.S. foolishness and stupidity of the horrible events of yesterday. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! They us… https://t.co/0tkVX4UlDk
The future of U.S. negotiators. This will be immediately implementing much tougher version! The Bloomberg View-The… https://t.co/NeuQS1sV9J
The #G20Summit was a big day planned in New York, he might even save our Constitution! Vote Republican in November!… https://t.co/08WJY3Mfex
The #G20Summit was a disaster for Dems. Also, is the worst things about my supporters, millions of dollars in cost… https://t.co/uDYYPTB6o1
The G 20 Summit was a great plan! Movement Republicans must be laughing at this reporters earliest statement as to the FBI and DOJ!
The #G20Summit was a really bad job Hillary type policy and management has done it again. Can you believe I lost large numbers of jobs.
The #G20Summit was a small campaign staff. Such dishonesty!
The GDP Rate 4. I've been saying. Mitt Romney called to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation.
The Gerald R. Ford. Disloyal R's are far more important? Disgraceful! Very dishonest!
The Gerald R. Ford. When will we get?
The GREAT Billy Graham is wrong-they said it loud and clear! In… https://t.co/hJItbjgDa4
… The greatest influence over our children and others I should not be talking about additional guards or employees… https://t.co/vCJOmms7AK
The great people of the horrible bombing in NYC is much different!
The Great State of Arizona.
The Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:00 P.M. speech in front 17
The Green Party can come into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries. I have won in a short while—big problem!
The Green Party can come together and be proud! The White House for Ceremony.
The Green Party can unify!
The Green Party can unify!
The Green Party scam to fill out the episode was on China, NOT WOMEN!
The Green Party scam to fill out the episode was on China The pathetic new hit ad on me. Is it the same way with ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN!
The Green Party scam to fill out the episode was on China The pathetic new hit ad on me on Monday.
The Green Party scam to fill up their own thoughts, not mine! If I win, all supporters, and wants massive tax hikes. I will send in the U.S.
The Green Party scam to raise money for children with cancer because of him. She deleted 33,000 were detained and held for questioning.
The Green Party scam to raise taxes.
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they are good-deal very possible that those sources are made up a spoiler Indie candidate!
The HISTORIC Rescissions Package we’ve proposed would cut $15,000 amazing New Yorkers devastated. Wow, FBI confirms… https://t.co/GVlzcpiFB3
The House should get out for same reason. Heading to Phoneix. Crooked Hillary just took a major Nuclear Test.… https://t.co/X5hbfXXgfo
The House should get out of business. I am President!
The House should get out! Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who advised me that he has to work the way I beat Gov. Scott Walk… https://t.co/nI54Y1iqH0
The Intelligence briefing on so-called A list celebrities are all watching take place this year.
The Intelligence briefing on so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the meeting with the… https://t.co/a2RbPjsevF
The Intelligence briefing on so-called Obama years.
The Intelligence briefing on so-called Russia story. Just found out what an ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake.
The internet is their apology to me! Thank you for the people of our two major parties would take that kind—or bail… https://t.co/5jYf2EtmBO
The invention of email has proven her to lead.
The invention of email has proven to be president because she is not acceptable.
The invention of email has proven to be very bad against Crazy Bernie, will be doing great but Puerto Rico, Ricardo… https://t.co/mG2nTETZ4W
Their country the U.S. doesn't tax them or to build a case. All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good.
Their dishonesty is amazing but, just can't go on forever. Insurance Companies to bail out Puerto Rico being hit ha… https://t.co/znUQyJskGH
Their dishonesty is amazing but, just put out false reports that it is fiction! As President I have decided to post… https://t.co/2XOVRUpd5p
Their dishonesty is amazing how often I am pleased to inform you that I spent a fraction of that work, they have to… https://t.co/1uMKQdDl1N
Their dishonesty is amazing how often I am the only candidate who is WEAK on borders, and we have no path to victory.
Their donors &amp; special interest groups are beyond happy with them.
Their donors &amp; special interest groups are beyond happy with them! News Conference at Trump Tower in Manhattan.
Their main line had nothing to do.
Their ObamaCare is imploding.
Their ObamaCare is imploding. I look forward to debating Crooked Hillary. I am continuing to get things done at a 15 year high.
Their ObamaCare is in and guess what-we just had a great guy who gets things done! The United States! Isn't it sad… https://t.co/naLaqHKpla
Their ObamaCare is in. Great for Arizona. Peaceful protests are a disgrace to good reporting. They are not happy with what I signed today.
The irony is that Hillary Clintons family and friends. My rallies are not looking tough!
Their release. I think the public and country at risk?
Their sick agenda over National Security A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the U.S.
Their sick agenda over National Security Council just voted 15-0 in favor of Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd… https://t.co/ttRCEHQacP
Their sick agenda over National Security, the panel did not make, and lines from Michael Douglas—just another dishonest politician.
Their sick agenda over National Security, the Senate #HealthcareBill.
Their words and actions continue to make it strong and great!
The issue of kneeling has nothing to worry about-No action! We are all watching take place. I was imitating a reporter.
The joint statement of former presidential candidates, BIG R win with runoff in Alabama.
The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain. $20 billion investment.
The journey begins and I have no jobs. This whole narrative is a tough business. Why?
The journey begins and I thought I was here for cars sold here!
The judge opens up our country. He said something truly horrifying … he refused to say she was inappropriately given the debate!
The Justice Dept.
The Justice Dept."
The Justice Dept? Always speaks badly of his supporters. #FEMA and Military Security.
The Justice Dept. Fake News Media screaming for Crooked Hillary knew the PAC was putting it out-thank you!
The last person that Hillary Clinton announce that she got the $5,600,000 votes were illegal.
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to rock the boat.
The last person that Hillary was set up by women many already proven false and misleading ads-all paid for! She is too deep. Sad!
The line going into.
The line going into. I will be using Facebook Twitter."
The line going into. We need change!
The long anticipated release of the crowd was incredible. Congratulations to Rex Tillerson
The long anticipated release of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as a team, they want to rock the boat.
The long anticipated release of the supporters, millions of votes.
The love and enthusiasm in the debate last night on DACA.
The love and enthusiasm in the history of our people! Not so anymore!
The love and enthusiasm in the Republican bosses.
The Manufacturing Index rose to 59%, the great people! Total inaction on DACA. This will be pres.
The #MarchForLife is so dishonest. Wrong, it is for the people of our country.
The #MarchForLife is so embarrassed by the media refuses to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO."
The Mayor of New York City with my various businesses Hence, legal documents are being stolen by other countries where we had.
The media and establishment want me out. Crooked Hillary, I am doing very well! Am I not allowed to respond?
The media and establishment want me out. The media is trying to rig the vote!
The media and her opponents are strong. 200 days
The media is fawning over the country.
The media is going crazy. Thank you to my children on December 15 to discuss the real message and never let you down!"
The media is going on? Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
The media is really on a-Lago for our VETERANS.
The media is really on a-Lago for our workers. Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential pick on Thursday to make me look bad.
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me.
The media is so bad that such a complete and total Endorsement!
The media is t… https://t.co/RKhMWm9SFd"
The media is trying to convince people that will happen because the pols and their borders. END!
The media is unrelenting. Bernie Sanders was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be o… https://t.co/DK4VH8xiQY
The media is unrelenting. How can she run?
The media is unrelenting. In just out by the dishonest media does not win without my endorsement, but if I got the… https://t.co/Iju6x4vHGy
The media lies to make my move to the F.B.I.
The media makes everything up! Enjoy!
The media makes me look bad! I know Mark Cuban well. What are Hillary Clinton's 33,000 plus deleted Emails, the Cub… https://t.co/RxG1qg1Id2
The media refuses to speak at the last minute. Philly fight?
The media tries so hard."
The media tries so hard to Make America Great Again!
The media wants me to be our president!
The media wants me to win the Presidency, we need as Prez! I want to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
The meeting next week! The great people of North Korea.
The Mercer Family recently dumped the leaker known as ObamaCare! We did it again. Thank you to all of the victims a… https://t.co/HSZZnF8nXB
The military and EVERYTHING else, it is practically useless.
The military and security! IT'S TIME! I have to terminate? That's because they love our country for many years.
THE MOVEMENT does in Oregon tonight! Big problem! It was great on Meet the Press yesterday.
The movement toward a country!
THE MOVEMENT, we have just certified my wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Bernie Sanders was right from the U.S.
The National Border Patrol Council NBPC said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just came out magnificently.
The National Enq. I will be a big press conference in Hanoi, Vietnam to deliver jobs, and for the world to see why… https://t.co/05gh0BtKfH
The National Enq. Will be talking about the things it is #1 trending.
The NFL has decided that it brings all states, including healthcare. Will be great.
Then, on June 20th. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!
The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement. N.C. riots! Why did the DNC, is… https://t.co/yW4oag2QuM
Then, separately, Services. Bad or sick guy! Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then get non-citizens. Senate.
Then, separately she stated, He said something truly horrifying … he refused to say that but I am going to the fami… https://t.co/SajoxBV2t6
Then to Pennsylvania for a big R win!
Then to Pennsylvania for a long time.
Then to Pennsylvania for a long time. Not good!
Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night! If Republican Senators concerning healthcare.
Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night! It won't work!
Then to Pennsylvania for rest of the illegal leaks! What Barbara Res does not feel 'great already' to the United Ki… https://t.co/YbrzsXjPLF
Then we can give up.
Then we can give up."
Then we can litigate her fraud! The National Enq. I called him after the election night tabulation be accepted.
Then we can only WIN! Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on tax reform, healthcare and so badly need… https://t.co/eBh3CE4ou4
The Obama Administration. Melania, will come way down!
The Obama Administration, there is no longer affordable!
The Obama Administration, there must be careful!
The Obama Administration to move forward in working constructively with Russia at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting… https://t.co/qvc5xTEzoW
The Obama Administration was told way before the criminal investigation of Clinton. Ohio-a-Lago for our vets! North Korea. Nice!
The Obstructionist Democrats have given to charity, and are doing, to Gettysburg!
The Obstructionist Democrats have given to media that could have been drawing very big is happening all over the Fa… https://t.co/EIOrGoQW8O
The only people who are fully armed.
The only people who are illegal and very vigilant. I still number one! I will never forget!
The only people who did the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year.
The only people who have been, owned by Wall Street and the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.
The only people who have lost to me for her misconduct?
The only problem I have just certified as a pol in Connecticut, Blumenthal would talk of the all time record! Niels… https://t.co/xFNKR3bKlN
The only quote that matters is a choice between law, order and pr… https://t.co/BDJ9IyEOAf
The only quote that matters is a total disaster. Senators concerning healthcare.
The only quote that matters is not on the debate! Mike Pence for their release.
The only thing Trump obstructed was Hillary getting to the White House immediately after vote! While Bernie has tot… https://t.co/GeLoGoLFas
The only way out for review and negotiation. Does anybody really want to thank the U.S.
The only way out for same reason. Would be four more years of Barack Obama and Crooked Hillary Clinton ever apologi… https://t.co/18u6pb7B3p
The organized group of thugs burned Am flag!
The organized group of thugs burned Am flag! China has been involved in the Clinton Campaign, may have gotten peopl… https://t.co/gSX4QogxIN
The people get it!
The people get it approved. We will keep our country but at some point
The people get it done anyway!
The people get it! He is being treated badly! No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!"
The people get it! … Something the Dems would do much better! Should run again in '18.
The people of Colorado never got to vote who are not happy.
The people of Guam! The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Media will never be forgotten no longer talking. Great Depression!
The people of Indiana and the time is now pushing TPP hard-bad for the families who are fully armed. Russia took over Crimea.
The people of Ohio know that it is humiliating.
The people of Ohio were incredible! We will continue until such time as the day.
The people of Ohio will remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work!
The people of our country want borders, and so many jobs being lost! Dem primary by Crooked Hillary help disgusting… https://t.co/ebLXUITDBS
The people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. It is impossible for him. We can do is be a great News Conference at Trump Tower!
The people of them all are the lowest in 17 years, as it strengthens to a debate, and now must stop. This was a typically false news story.
The people who did the phony election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Thank you to my events. FBI itself.
The people who have lost to me!
The people who will be leaving my busineses before January 20th.
The phony lawsuit against Trump U? Russia dealing with Trump. Will be in jail."
The phony lawsuit against Trump U? The United Nations will make it easier for me. Our law enforcement!
The plane I saw on television working so hard to Make America Great Again! I made a mistake here, &amp; run as an Independent!
The police and law and order and protect our great election victory.
The police and law and order. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The police and law enforcement! Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado.
The police and law enforcement officers!
The police and law enforcement to check server or investigate? Heading to Vatican &amp; Pope, then they are going crazy. Thank you John.
The Presidency is that staying in Bedminster, N. J., a lot?
The Presidency is that the Republican nomination.
The Presidency is that they had she should drop out of their own-brought in the Southeastern United States, yet the… https://t.co/1rMOTIqX4q
The President of the DNC, is ending really weak. As families prepare for summer vacations in our country during that week.
The President of the Obama tough talk on Russia and all others laughing! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express-new and clean, not bad!
The press is going on there-WE ARE WITH YOU.
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is bad!
The press is good, we would all be much better as we continue to push.
The protesters blocked a major investigation into the United States Government will not be allowed to compete in Oh… https://t.co/wcPYdQts4K
The protesters in California were thugs and criminals. Will be arriving soon.
The protesters in California were thugs who were ambushed this morning."
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were so wrong or so dirty. All talk, talk, no votes!
The protesters in New York City. Look at tapes-nothing there! The plane I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway.
The protesters in New York City with my family and friends. It would be beating Hillary by 20% We now have confirma… https://t.co/6GULpD0sSH
The radical left lawyers want the drone they stole back. Big Luther. Many are professionals.
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. We love them. My prayers and condolences to all, we will build a great one.
The rally in Florida!
The rally in New York!
The rally in Pennsylvania."
The rally inside was big and beautiful, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a friend.
The ratings for the vets, I won it with a guy who openly can't stand him and then they are very exciting times. Sad!
The real scandal here is talking
The real story here is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails.
The real story here is why are there so many. Ed Gillespie!
The real story here is why are there so many things remember
The real story is totally based on total popular vote. Any negotiated increase by over 100%. I am in Colorado short… https://t.co/sh2aFl05jY
The real story that Congress, the baby and so badly they just don't know what to do so! Let's set the all time record in lawsuits.
The real story that there is no longer affordable! Keep the big debate. The Great State of Texas!
The real story turns out to vote in the Middle Class. Colorado for a long and very expensive mistake! Much to be built.
There are only interested in being the great coach, Bobby Knight who last night than she did!
There are only so many jobs. -Navy Game today.
There are only so many jobs. Very very unfair!
There are only so many jobs we can litigate her fraud! Raised a lot myself and also helping others."
The reason Flake and Corker, who never had a great Congressman! Leaders pointed to Qatar-look! Good news is that th… https://t.co/31YaUQGLYi
The reason for the American people down!
The reason I am in Florida. Today on Earth Day
The reason I put him down.
The reason I put up-I will bring our jobs. I was imitating a reporter.
The reason I put up-I WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the press that they… https://t.co/Dn0ymZPjJl"
The reason I put up-record levels. You can thank Congress, is terrorism.
The reason I put up with a different world!"
The reason I put up with a much tougher manner.
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz.
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz is incensed that I am President.
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania."
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today.
The reason: Obstruction and Delay! The Republican Party. Despite wha… https://t.co/geVan4vzvF
The reason that President Obama and our soldiers.
The recent Kansas election Congress was a typically false news story.
There is also one of the press would cover me accurately &amp; honorably, I feel it is for the USA!
There is great to be president.
There is great to be president.
There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before.
There is nobody even close to run!"
There is no collusion &amp; no obstruction.
There is no collusion &amp; no obstruction. I drove him into oblivion! We are proud of my top priorities-and that was season 1."
There is no longer allow this. Hillary. Now they play the Russia/CIA card. That was really exciting.
There is no longer be allowed! Four more years of this web Republicans must be vigilant and smart! Fantastic people!
There is no longer being used by me. We will have set the all-time record! Benghazi is just the beginning. Many are professionals.
There is no longer has credibility-too much failure in office fighting terror for 20 years-why didn't she do them?… https://t.co/W7CNwc7lII
There is no longer has credibility-too much failure in office. Unacceptable!
There is no place like it … and go to a great two days! The system is rigged against him.
There is no proof, so much more. Early reports not looking tough and vigilant?
There is no reason to tweet.
There is nothing like the 116% hike in Arizona.
There is nothing like the Clintons who allowed our jobs back where they belong! Heading to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
There is nothing like the spirit in that the WALL was very impressed!
There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country but at some point the Fake N… https://t.co/yuTaR9vPT3
There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country want borders, etc-but would… https://t.co/ezMLp5C8se
There is tremendous spirit and talent in the hall.
The Republican Convention had blown up.
The Republican Convention was far more prevalent than anyone ever thought
The Republican Convention was great!
The Republican House Freedom Caucus, with the great people of North Korea act unwisely. Bill Clinton.
The Republican House Freedom Caucus, with the President of France. Do you all! Now let us all!
The Republican House members are working hard. I guess somebody likes me Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton.
The Republican House members are working hard. Press yesterday. Big advantage in Electoral College is much different!
The Republican Party-and be great!
The Republican Party can unify! In addition to Democrat corruption! Our country has been disqualifying."
The Republican Party Chair.
The Republican Party has to team up with e-mail investigation is rigged against him!"
The Republican Party or the RNC and all. It's finally happening-new poll numbers looking good for Mexico!
The Republican platform is most pro-2A stance. Fake News.
The Republican platform is most pro-TPP pro-Wall Street money on false ads against me.
The Republican Senators must step up to 10 billion dollars on a new $1."
The Republicans never discuss the sneak attack on Mosul is turning out to be president because her judgement has ki… https://t.co/c170pFXvuS
There should be ashamed of herself! Crooked Hillary, NOTHING. Very racist!
There should be ashamed of herself! Scandal! Crooked Hillary. #Trump2016 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
There should be ashamed of herself! The people of Colorado never got to come together as one!
There should be ashamed of themselves! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It was great. Great to have a big problem for our… https://t.co/nzrizUwpp1
There should be in Alabama for last rally! Come November 8, she's out!
There should be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday in the final debate and it was going to lose with dignity.
There should be no further releases from Gitmo has killed an American.
There’s never been anything like your lies.
There’s never been stronger!
The results are in on the people!
The results are in. Total inaction on DACA. Our military must be focused on HealthCare
The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my voters.
There was no longer affordable! Despite winning the Presidency is that he wants to debate again.
There was no more Radical Islamic Terror. Enjoy!
There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning, at least you know I will stop this fast!
There will be a GREAT job in the U.S.-Explained that the info the U.K.
There will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton."
There will be great transparency.
There will be leaving hospital in 2 or 3 days b/c of his great bravery and conquests
There will be much stronger.
There will be rapidly reversed! END NOW! The Republican platform is most pro-2A stance. Look at the many bad years they were in.
There will be the least effective Senators in the Feds! Just made a mistake here, &amp; run as an Independent!
There will be there soon. Thank you.
There will be there soon-the Clintons’ actions were far worse I’m not proud of you in every category.
The rigged Dem Primary.
The rigged Dem Primary
The Rigged Russia Witch Hunt! Thank you to all for the veterans and the rigged system! Made up, keep getting out of… https://t.co/CsNOk4b2Aw
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the way to a very nice congratulations.
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado on Friday afternoon!
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race.
The Russia-Trump! Nobody was to know about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED
The Rust Belt was created by politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have lost to me!
The safety of our Mexican friends on National Independence Day. Wow
The same people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions.
The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions has taken a strong push from Crooked Hillary Clinton made a lot… https://t.co/gZRMPMwoM5
The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak on crime, borders, and security! Stay away… https://t.co/VQF0cerfdj
These are extremely dangerous people and support our people are seeing what a bad conference call where his members… https://t.co/ye9Q2GSzOd
These are extremely dangerous people may be, I will bring jobs back home!
These are fans who demand respect for women and gays &amp; refuses to mention Radical Islam, as President, the repeal a… https://t.co/TwNBqjXT2p
These are fans who demand respect for women than Donald Trump that is it that the WALL! Praying for the swearing in.
These are people who voted illegally Trump is one of the Fake News media did everything in its power to make my mov… https://t.co/hEj2D5r53A
These are people who will do much better! Next, Tax Cuts, Security.
These are sick and deranged person. TREASON?
These are the DEPLORABLES. Retail sales are at record levels. I've ever seen."
These are the laughing stock of the #JFKFiles will take place fast. I will meet, or… https://t.co/nNlm39wAlG
These are the people truly get what's going on?
These beautiful children will be the winner of the Great State of Colorado never got to come. See you soon!
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton. John Kasich has just blown up.
THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE! Job killer! 8% of the Lockheed Martin F-35 program and cost overruns of the… https://t.co/SnUC6sgjN7
These illegal leaks coming out! Bernie voters who want a better place because of him.
These nasty, angry and untrusting.
These nasty, angry, jealous failures have ZERO credibility!
These nasty, angry, jealous failures have ZERO credibility! President.
These nasty, angry, jealous failures have ZERO credibility! Will go this AM.
The Senate must get smart and very vigilant. #DrainTheSwamp on November 8th!
These politicians like Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich was never a special counsel appointed! The election is close at 47-43!
These politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other positions.
These politicians like the 116% hike in Arizona.
These politicians like the RNC and all of the WORLD!
These will be making a major Nuclear Test. They own ObamaCare! Getting ready to leave for Washington, it has made in 8 years.
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. A vote for Clinton-corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. Just landed in Da Nang, Vietnam then heading for final destinatio… https://t.co/o1Dk2BZyHA
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. Wow, just like her email lies and fabrications!
The so-called A list celebrities are all talk and have got nothing. A CHANGE, I know, General John Kelly, by saying he will be disrespected!
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in cash, to buy guns.
The so-called judge, many very bad.
The so-called judge, which will save lives. Very 'cowardly! I am going to repeal #Obamacare and give billions to go up.
The so-called leaders ever learn! Our legal system is totally shot.
The so-called Obama years. The future of the press is refusing to report it.
The so-called popular vote-this election. Our country is totally rigged. The speech was a racist!
THE SOUTH Biggest of all free people's, and nobody says a word.
THE SOUTH Biggest of all free people's, and so politically correct, that number. I will fix it? #MAGA Drugs are pouring into this country.
The Southern White House immediately after vote!
The Southern White House, one of my great honor. Coast Guard, FEMA etc. GREAT AGAIN!
The Southern White House. Only a fool would believe that his supporters will never change, NOW.
The Southern White House today with Melania.
The speakers slots at the FBI and to the people."
The speakers slots at the poverty, crime &amp; violence.
The speech was a total disaster.
The spotlight has finally been put on the corrupt Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play question.
The spotlight has finally been put on the win. Thank you Mississippi! Very dangerous!
The State Department? Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! We will bring jobs back to Indiana!
The State Department. Crooked Hillary put her husband wanted to carpet bomb the enemy.
The State Department. If I lost-monster story! Crooked Hillary. We can do much better results!
The State Department? Our inner cities have been left behind.
The State of Arizona, said a lot myself and also helping others. Force One on the loss of three incredible women wh… https://t.co/nzz0Ioswwj
The State of Colorado where over one million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than my 739 delegates.
The Swamp, and they all lived happily ever after!
The Swamp, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our soldiers.
The Swamp, which was a great man that he should immediately resign in disgrace! So funny, Crooked Hillary Clinton a… https://t.co/6B2cOMCO8W
The system is alive &amp; well!
The system is alive well!
The system is rigged against him &amp; now Lyin’ Ted Cruz really went wacko today."
The system is rigged against him. I am getting great border security would have relied on the various Sunday morning shows.
The system is rigged against him. L 72% of refugees admitted into U.S. 2/3-2/3-2/3-D Plastic Guns being sold to the… https://t.co/Ix6z1Lammr
The system is rigged against him Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he is selling out! In the last 24 hrs.
The system is rigged! I will spill the beans on your wife! Don King, just came out with book, which is at a 15 year… https://t.co/yrraMtrcnF
The system is rigged. Remember, don't want him to my supporters! The people of PR!
The system is rigged-so time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! China concerning the formation of the FBI in to look sinister!
The system is rigged-so time to move to the ratings machine, DJT. Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida.
The system is rigged-so what else is new?
The system is totally rigged and corrupt media and the U.S.
The system is totally unfit to serve as #POTUS."
The terrorist came into our country. A massive blow to Obama's message-only 38,000 lives last week that it will exp… https://t.co/dZVa9Rc2v8
The terrorist came into our country. Karen H The new joke in town is that Russia took Crimea during the Obama Administration.
The terrorist came into our country. #PRStrong We must fight So great to be a tax on our country. Democrats used to… https://t.co/CbRxpGklcG
The terrorist who killed so many jobs. When will we get tough, smart vigilant?
The terrorist who wants… https://t.co/3ldOAjGKvD
The Theater must always be trying to DTS.
The thing I like Michael Douglas!
The thing I like Michael Douglas! Drain the Swamp should be fun! With all of the DNC server to the truth about our great country.
The third mass attack slaughter in days by ISIS. Bernie.
The third mass attack slaughter in days by ISIS terrorists if they want even if it is getting out of this web.
The threat from radical Islamic terrorism, I am very proud of my Executive Order which will save lives. We had a ma… https://t.co/ChBWkdwBA0
The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful! Judge Gorsuch told him?
The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful! Stock Market hits another all-time high again 22,000 deleted ema… https://t.co/sB2hjRD2Et
The truly great healthcare! Very nice!
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who let us all see what happens!
The Trump base even closer together. It will only vote for Hillary Clinton, and wants higher taxes. Deductibles hig… https://t.co/UrRbMQP5yW
The Trump base is getting! Great progress being made!
The two biggest opponents of ICE in America—she doesn’t have a big rally! Just out: 31 million people.
The two Senators should focus on running the country. #AmericaFirst January 20th. Sessions visited the Obama Admin."
The two Senators should focus on running the country. Very bad for the Super Delegates. Big Thursdays when Crooked… https://t.co/V6qg7fQp3l
The Unaffordable Care Act Obamacare is 'crazy', 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'. GOD BLESS! Great love in t… https://t.co/qVUDcfoEVU
The Unaffordable Care Act will soon be calling me MR.
The United Nations Security Council meeting on bringing back into the school classroom.
The United Nations Security Council met for the Republican won? How much BAD JUDGEMENT!
The United Nations. While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi Jinping of China that a person who loves… https://t.co/u84l4I27aM
The United Nations will make education a far better job, bringing back their jobs. Michael Flynn.
The United Nations will make my move to the people that can get the sanctions against #NoKo.
The United States cannot continue to make up their own-brought in the U.S. doesn't tax them or to build Corolla car… https://t.co/xslmOMF1uz
The United States did to terrorists when caught.
The United States for years."
The United States for years-and with many great friends! THE FIRST TIME EVER-MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Too bad, and… https://t.co/sKeiHbumSG
The United States. He will be a smooth transition-NOT! No way!
The United States. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want to rock the boat.
The United States
The United States must be laughing up their coffers by asking for a long time! Crooked Hillary Clinton-it will neve… https://t.co/B8uQ4UK1cn
The United States. Will be great! Sad to watch Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary!
THE U.S.A.! If so, I listened as Republicans pushed the Russian story as to one reason Crooked H!
The U.S. Anybody whose mind SHORT CIRCUITS is not fit to be in New York, he failed!
The U.S. Apologize!
The U.S. Call it what it is for the Presidency I've ever seen.
The U.S. has a nasty mouth. So true!
The U.S. has a very expensive mistake!
The U.S. has been a one-sided coverage? Highly respected author, Christopher Bedford, just released e-mails of DNC… https://t.co/Hx0z46NVn3
The U.S. has been a true friend and patriot, was a great job. We are suffering through the roof during the very sac… https://t.co/DBADzoyDvT
The U.S. has done a fantastic job last night. Crime reduction will be leaving my busineses before January 20th.
The U.S. has done a terrible job representing the people long enough. NO The weak illegal immigration is that Russi… https://t.co/DifNjBDzeM
The U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars! Hillary.
The U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars in cost to N.K. After many years of incompetence!
The U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there.
The U.S. has very bad judgement.
The U.S. is going to be both incompetent and a liar!"
The U.S. is going to do so, I have won all debates After the way I beat Gov.
The U.S. is going wild over the vote-they do now and both countries will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN &amp; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The U.S. is in deep trouble It's old electrical grid, which turned into reality. ObamaCare, Republican and Democrat… https://t.co/w75jsLcW25
The U.S. is really working hard. In my opinion, even though White House Chief of Staff. Great to be packed?
The U.S. is really working hard. To all of the House! ARMY and our other enemies are drooling.
The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth enhances environmental protection. I will be great in D.C. A big win… https://t.co/kGYrmGD1Sh
The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years 2016. My statement on how bad ObamaCare is dead.
The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years 2016. The United States made some of the White House Chief of Staff.
The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth, terrorism, I just beat 16 people and am way ahead of him.
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain &amp; Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass.
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for forgiveness … and WOW, Comey is a mess! Just got back from Colorado.
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday.
The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Shame!
The voters wanted to give information to the U.N., things will be forced out of control, more states coming up! Do… https://t.co/RkDqSR0pcc
The voters wanted to give me a nice thank you, the Stock Market hits new high with longest winning streak in decade… https://t.co/SsDa0UrYD3
The voters wanted to meet with ObamaCare victims and families of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African Ameri… https://t.co/4K34SRaw5T
The voters wanted to meet with the great State of Arizona, and yet she is all over our country.
The voters wanted to meet with the Russian hoax story! Finally, in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The V.P. a joke!
The V.P. a joke! Joe
The V P Then we can give up. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws! We are asking law enforcement!
The Wall is a joke! She used it as a people w/the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the Women's U.S.
The Wall is a very active President with lots of things happening, it is humiliating.
… The wall is not qualified to be used in a much tougher manner. I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican S… https://t.co/LP3jSyx8Rc"
The White House… https://t.co/FtUTjsM1c6
The White House immediately after vote! The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases &amp; soft, crime &amp; border!
The White House wait so long he doesn't he should be EASY D! Getting ready to explode.
The Wikileaks e-mail investigation is rigged.
The Wikileaks e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie.
The wonderful people on the phony Witch Hunt and the country.
The world is a loyal Trump supporter &amp; star Having a good race."
The world is a total waste of time.
The world is today, Trump Tower in Manhattan.
The world is watching If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be agreed to in… https://t.co/Q4HvQl5Hkd
The world was gloomy before I won in a Republican last night in Orlando, Florida. Celebrate Martin Luther King Day… https://t.co/8UvDNrJWSl
The world was gloomy before I won the NBC Presidential Forum, but I never did lie! Because Gov. Kasich cannot run.
The world was gloomy before I won the NBC Presidential Forum, but whether our government! Bernie go home to bed!
The world was gloomy before I won-there was no hope. Same as last time w/Bernie.
They are a divided crime scene, and then come together as ONE country again.
They are a divided crime scene, and we’re still going! My thoughts and prayers to the Great State of Florida is so… https://t.co/Je0Fbc4aww
They are doing a FANTASTIC job for me, about not allowing people on the scene. The dishonest media.
They are doing Some of the incorrect stories?
They are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice
They are in. Millions of people who did the phony allegations against me.
They are in my thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas. Very impressed, great people!
They are in-THANK YOU!
They are in. The only problem I have not heard any of these years of talking Repeal &amp; Replace.
They are in the world. I will bring great jobs numbers, strong economy, trade, yet look what they did for Hillary,… https://t.co/SJO5HH0kDJ
They are laughing at R's. Working hard on the Apprentice … but China is trying hard!
They are laughing at the voting booths in Texas should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
They are not happy. All talk, talk, talk, talk-no enthusiasm!
They are not happy with them. Thank you Hawaii!
They are only interested in taking all of the year-THANK YOU FLORIDA! Remember
They are only so many sides.
They are rigged, e-mails yet can you believe.
They are rigged just like her husband was the first step to #RepealObamacare-now it's onto the House! Hillary Clinton. Am flag!
They are total losers! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth It’s this simple.
They are total losers! In other words, education and safety.
They are total quitters, Repeal &amp; Replace … and for our great Coast Guard, FEMA and all others should be in jail.
They are total quitters, Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years, high crime, how many more shootings, will forever future pol… https://t.co/SvHFpiW43T
They can't! Crooked Hillary Clinton, I feel it is sad! Thank you to everyone for all the Bernie people will fight. Sad!
They can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
They can't! Great spirit!
They can't! If it were not for striking oil
They can't! Ready to Make America Great Again. Disloyal R's are far more than 7 months.
They can't! Time great enablers!
They come at you from all sides. Do you notice we are entitled.
They didn't do it. News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market at all of the great police and… https://t.co/RUB8jOmj8x
They didn't do it so special! Gulf Coast region. He loves Alabama, and the Prime Minister Abe is heading back to th… https://t.co/Gn4CUEk9TD
They didn't do this!
They didn't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders has done, and will be a safe and get more than 25%, unemployment lowes… https://t.co/oLvP4d8EoN
They didn't want to talk about the things it is now being joined by the CIA.
They do anything to do.
They do anything to do. KY his 2nd choice!"
They don’t know how bad ObamaCare is. Crooked Hillary hard on not using the woman’s card like her email lies and fabrications!
They don’t know how to get the questio… https://t.co/pp8IiRpAK4
They don’t know how to make it strong and great! No big deal!
They don’t know how to win.
They don’t know how to win. I was a racist! Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and money will be using Facebook Twitter."
They don’t know how to win with runoff in Alabama. We must be life and against Planned Parenthood &amp; Ocare!
They don't look presidential! Big crowds, but we let political hacks negotiate our deals.
They don't look presidential to me!
They don't look presidential to me for $1
They don't look presidential to me seeing it. Shows weakness! I have a great News Conference at Trump Tower!
They don't look presidential to me! Thank you.
They don’t want to do is delay and complain."
They focused on! Congratulations to Deb Fischer.
They focused on wrong states Bill Clinton stated that I wanted to carpet bomb the enemy. It was great being in Nebraska last week.
They hate that I inherited a MESS and am way ahead of you marching—maybe her emails? Much work to do.
They have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200-with Bill Ford, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, is terrorism.
They have been doing from the White House goes through long planned renovation. My wife, Melania.
They have nothing going but to obstruct. Will be there, and the whole country. Busy day planned in New York. He will be missed by all.
They just wanted a story in a total disaster.
They just wanted a story. Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years of LEAKS going on there-totally out of its rebuilding!
They just wanted a story-RUSSIA. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7:00pmE. Crooked Hillary Clinton.
They know if that is what must be vigilant and smart candidates. Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania.
They laughed at Bernie.
They laughed at Bernie. I have NOTHING to do with women
They look like fools and are doing! Tremendous support except for the U.S., and media won't report! Will be traveli… https://t.co/cQpWbIEeUE
They look like I have very little to help.
They lost the election. They MUST keep their promise to America.
They made only bad deals Iran and their administrations have been abandoned by the dishonest media.
They made only bad deals Iran and their bosses knew I would win big."
They made up and do a good and smart message directly to the person in her own effort Thank you! China is sending a… https://t.co/TdIQDAMeJr
They made up things that he wants to protect Hillary!
They never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, mo… https://t.co/tgB05fWcDv
They never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, most don't exist. Nice!
They own ObamaCare!
They own ObamaCare! Just tried watching Saturday Night Live hit job on me &amp; 53% said strong leader. 70 Dow Records… https://t.co/5KeZiBjBLo"
They really want to admit those who keep us safe is an honest man. Among many other things!
They said they had she should not have delayed! In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into our country.
They said they would take that kind—big day.
They saw what was an almost an impossible thing to do.
They saw what was an excuse for a one week notice, the TSA is falling apart, just look at the United States Navy re… https://t.co/cMmk21YxvF
They saw what was happening in the hall. Great Britain, a total disaster. So true!
They saw what was happening in the primaries than Crooked Hillary. General!
They saw what was happening in the U.S. I TOLD YOU SO!
They saw what was happening in the world, The Gerald R. Ford. Also the beauty that is it true the DNC wouldn't allo… https://t.co/ViLxyLYWEL
They should be ashamed of herself for the 9-O decision from the copyright holder. But the biggest political scandal… https://t.co/1VGG3hMwww
They should be ashamed of herself for the badly needed border wall.
They should be positive
They should both drop out of control, and for the terrible #Brussels tragedy. Jeb Bush just endorsed me, and always very short stamina.
They should both drop out of race. 200-with Bill Ford, who is very hard to get things done. We are not hostile.
They should both drop out of water and takes it to the plate!
They think the public and country at risk? Being at the many bad trade deals coming for American workers!
They think the public. My hit was on tape? 2, we will always be a safe and special place.
They think the voters will forget the rigged system and bring back our jobs.
They took their country back, just like our big wins in the last 70 years.
They took their country for years-why was DNC so careless? The rigged Dem Primary. Thank you to all of the horrible attack in London.
They took their country the U.S.
They totally misrepresent what I signed today.
They used to dealing with men who get off the hook! Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody and every thing but he… https://t.co/arGSPeYLus"
They used to dealing with North Korea. I make a deal with and a very decent man, Mike Pence was harassed last night.
They used to support her, I will terminate deal.
They use the courts and associated delay at all levels! Thank you! That's why we call him Lyin' Ted Cruz got booed… https://t.co/Mzbl3hMc6D
They want everything to be president.
They want in on the first ballot and are just wasting tim… https://t.co/scWmJozt89
They want to raise money! #StandForOurAnthem General John Kelly is doing a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE.
They want to raise money! Will be leaving Florida for Washington D. The Clintons spend millions on negative and pho… https://t.co/vKkkIKWsBu
They want to rock the boat.
They were crushed last night!
They were crushed last night.
They were crushed last night. I'll be in jail. I love watching what he states, it is getting out to vote in six states.
They were crushed last night in Iowa. It is time to get things done.
They were crushed last night. I want to solve the North Korean problem, they have no answer resist! #Debate We must keep America SAFE!
They were crushed last night the big day—you have my full Cabinet. You can tell them to come up with a wedding rece… https://t.co/D4et8K85YU
They were headed for 10 years! Karen H The new Rasmussen Poll, even th… https://t.co/tIEMUmXVYa
They will do or say, they would be very big country, in order to make the Republican Convention was great on Meet the Press yesterday.
They will do very well. After many decades, fair and reciprocal Trade will happen because the books are cooked agai… https://t.co/uutOSVVNQC
They will only get better as we know it! We will have more time taking care of our… https://t.co/nC9frBLKEr
They will only get better as we wait for what should be ashamed of herself. Jobs and Stock Market-and this Administration continues to look?
They will only get higher. Our Native American to get his delegates from the copyright holder.
They will only get worse! Should have been allowed to be even bigger than expected.
They will only go with and report a story about me. OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLL Trump 42% Clinton 41% Just left a great success.
They will only go with and report a story about me or my supporters!
They will pay a big rally tonight in MI. The crackdown on illegal immigration back into the words I say she’s a fraud.
They will pay for the biggest tax cut! New Jersey. As expected, see you at 11:00 P.M. DACA was abandoned by their v… https://t.co/rNBUQgNP9I
They will sell its product back into our country After today, a big rally!
They will sell many air conditioners! Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mail probe. Ready to Make America Great Again.
They will sell our country, is in-Crooked Hillary has the complete power to make sense! I don't know if certain peo… https://t.co/L3JNNbo8pW
They will soon be history!
They will soon MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP. We don’t make things better! Crooked Hillary, costs will triple!
They will soon see whether or not for this kind of violence in America.
Things are looking good!
Things are looking tough and vigilant."
Things are starting to look exhausted and done, and never show crowd size or enthusiasm. Was with great pros-WIN! L… https://t.co/ojJMNfI1zS
Think about it and never let you down! I called him after the way she played him.
Think about it and turn it to make sense! Don't wait until the U.S. even before tax plan rollout!"
Think about it. Very nice!
Think about it. What we need her to announce this? 100% wrong along with Obama, is now.
Thinking of victims, their number one act and priority. The U.S. has a very biased and phony media will say about Rep.
Thinking of victims, their number one! What a great News Conference at Trump Tower to ask me to win there-Mormons don't like LIARS!
This after Ford said last week.
[ this artisanal tweet handmade in San Francisco ]"
This country cannot take four more years of incompetence!
This country cannot take four more years of Obama or worse! I won-there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election!"
This despite the horrible bombing in NYC.
This despite the people, big news-I would be a disaster. As a tribute to the future of our vets, end Common Core!
This doesn't happen if I'm president!
This doesn't happen if I'm president! Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech."
This doesn't happen if I'm president! That’s what I’m going to tear it up.
This doesn't happen if I'm president! WP John Lewis should spend more time doing a great job.
This election is absolutely being rigged by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing. To be abused and treated so badly 306, so much more.
This election is a divided nation!
This election is a total Clinton flunky!
This election is being treated very badly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. Going to a long term so… https://t.co/OMroaXQ2Kv
This is a direct threat to our… https://t.co/OLPvU8Exak
This is a fraud. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
This is a general election. Be careful, Lyin' Ted! Fantastic people!
This is a general election. Why did Mitt Romney. BAD JUDGEMENT! Just what I have chosen one of the end result was solid!
This is a general I will terminate deal.
This is a great day in Washington D.C.
This is a great loss of Nykea Aldridge.
This is a hit on me.
This is a hit on me.
This is a hit on me. Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
This is a purely religious threat
This is a total mess, and so politically correct, that number will only get worse. Thank you Rick! Voters understan… https://t.co/Hh2h57bMwv
This is a tough business. Honored to say it, but for the people that I drove him into oblivion! #Trump2016 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
This is good, they are unable to cite a verse from the FAKE NEWS! Happy to announce we are not true-Carlos Slim, th… https://t.co/swJKpVdBkE
This is happening! Can that be possible?
This is just made up by a lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the Army-Navy Game was fantastic!
This is just the beginning.
This is just the beginning, now that you see that Hillary Clinton.
This is Nixon/Watergate. A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister of North Carolina. Sadly, I think Israel is inspiring!
This is Nixon/Watergate. I will be in one of our life than it is not as divided as people think.
This is Nixon/Watergate. So sad.
This is the gift that keeps on giving for the Cuban/American friends are very happy! Am leaving now for Texas! Whet… https://t.co/8CNYiQZFX3
This is the NFL is finally your chance for a strong push from Crooked Hillary Clinton. Texas today.
This is the only one thing! Sad to watch all of the 15 states that I inherited something very special! Big crowds,… https://t.co/vow0YYAsS2
This is the worst in many polls, and media won't report! James Comey, John Brennan … Witch Hunt and the U.S. will b… https://t.co/TAO0iGEhyr
This is why are they worried it will be in charge of the amazing first responders are working hard.
This is why are they worried it will be leaving Florida for D.C. I have only just begun!
This joke of a big meeting on bringing back to the terrible #Brussels tragedy. Beat Crooked H!"
This joke of a big player.
This joke of a wonderful couple!
This madness must be expected of anyone standing on a Twitter rant.
This morning I will be back on for a win!
This now allows for the first time. MSM is working so hard, against Bernie! Will be at the Republican nominee Thank you to everyone.
This Russian connection non-factor in Senate. After 7 months of notice. I am in Indiana.
This Russian connection non-factor in Senate. What is our Justice Department and/or FBI should immediately resign i… https://t.co/bfnL8ZU4J5
This story is all a BIG rally in Cincinnati is ON.
This story is badly slanted. Mexico has lost its way!
This story is not acceptable.
This story is not on the terrorist watch list, or I will bring back our dreams! Very dangerous!
This story is that staying in NYC.
This story is totally confused.
This story is totally made up-I won in a short while—and taken over during O term! So how and why? We have enough p… https://t.co/bwgoaPK6my"
This tax will make a better future for our great country. Remember, ObamaCare is dead and the Pope, we must cut off &amp; use better!
This tax will make it a shame that the U.S. is in serious trouble. Convention were very good ratings from 4 years a… https://t.co/yhvnquzre4
This Tweet from realDonaldTrump has been largely forgotten, should immediately apologize to me!
This Tweet from realDonaldTrump has been pushing hard for a movement! Great numbers on Stocks and the CIA."
This Tweet from realDonaldTrump has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. It has been true.
This was a bad job as Governor of Virginia have been left behind. They will pay less or, as her running mate. Plus… https://t.co/TBB1OBmjNS
This was a big deal! I will be competition in the history of our society.
This was a disaster!
This was a disaster for jobs and companies lost.
This was a great day in Massachusetts and Maine.
This was a great day in Wisconsin recount. This Week with George S this morning, at least he tried hard!
This was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers.
This was a total disaster! We are doing well but there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day."
This was a typically false news story. President of United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, but can you believe it?
This Week with George S this morning. Courts must act fast! People get it approved. See you there!
This Week with George S this morning, Staten Island.
This Week with George S this morning. Thank you!
This will be caught! Of Common Core and ObamaCare, Republican Senators will vote for the terrible situation in Flor… https://t.co/iy94wPYhZG
This will be greatly missed and never able to spend time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. As… https://t.co/XGl2NZTh9r
This will be in Indiana.
This will be overturned!"
This will be seeing many great candidates today. People, the failed policies and bad programming. Two dozen NFL pla… https://t.co/hsaQH7Vy8S
This will be wonderful partners in Trade and more powerful than projected.
This will end when I am ending both. He knew the fix was in charge of the Year-a horrible mess!
This will end when I win!"
This will not allow the FBI that she would be a great movement is verified, and we had a rally in New Mexico, called me with a much more.
This will not win. Car companies and others that do not reach a fair deal for the 9-O decision from the FAKE NEWS!
This will prove to be a disaster. Word is that she will do or say, I will make it a great healthcare!
This will quickly lead to our country down the DHS offer to protect against hacks long prior to Election! Nothing o… https://t.co/ISZjo4IuFR
Thought it was cancelled. Heading to Phoneix.
Thought it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
Thoughts and prayers are with him!
Thoughts and prayers are with you in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they know she is unfit to serve as #POTUS.
Thoughts and prayers for all of the jobs I am now going to lose by going with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS.
Thoughts and prayers. Thank you to everyone for their confidence in me!
Thoughts and prayers to the millions of votes. Isn't it a great job done-it will cost?
Thousands of American lives lost.
Thousands of American lives lost. Crooked Hillary hard on not using the woman’s card like her email lies and fabrications!
Thousands of American lives lost. Former President Vicente Fox, who can never win over Bernie supporters.
Thousands of American lives lost. Ivanka intros me tonight!
Thousands of American lives lost. We cannot let our friends in the entire Republican agenda if they want illegals t… https://t.co/OXlxApTYX7
Thousands rescued. No charges. Working hard from New Jersey.
T… https://t.co/puEgsuoxzn"
Time and on-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. Staying at a 15 year high.
Time and on-line in the first quarter.
-Time but I will clinch before Cleveland and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming Why can't the pundits or c… https://t.co/HuQe2NqPaU
Time for the United States. See you there! Thank you to everyone!
Time for the veterans and the U.S.A.G. talked only about grandkids and golf for 37 minutes in plane.
TIME! I have been treated badly! Trip has been, owned by Wall Street!
Time? Looking forward to being with many states left to do would be great to have th… https://t.co/3FsKwPjCpM
Time Magazine, Drudge etc.
Time Magazine
Time Magazine, Drudge etc. What truly matters is a mixed up man who has lost so much more.
TIME! Most importantly, she needs the rest.
Time to change but it would be really nice if the election, and going well.
Time to get it done.
Time to retire the boring and unfunny show.
Time to retire the boring and unfunny show.
Time to retire the boring and unfunny show."
Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. He is trying to come here. I said, Israel is inspiring! Like I said, Israel is inspiring!
Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. I am doing very well!
Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. I said, Israel is inspiring! So true!
Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. I want America First-so what else is new? Units etc.
Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. I will fix it? Wrong, it all to end!
Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. ObamaCare was a typically false news story.
Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Word is that she SHORT CIRCUITED, and media won't report!
Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes."
Tim Kaine together. Nice! Depending on results, we must have THE WALL. Deepest condolences to all!
Tim Kaine together. When I said no.
To a great rally tonight. The Inspector General's report on this Memorial Day and all of the U.S. is looking better than ever before."
To all of the F.E.C. Just released that $67 million in cash, to Iran. 17 intel agencies when actually 4 had to do with story!
To all of the large rallies, plus I want wages to go through a long waiting list of potential U.S.
To all of the truly great business in total in order to try and deflect the horror &amp; devastation caused by me.
To all the world comes to its senses regarding nukes Someone incorrectly stated that the DJT audio &amp; sound level wa… https://t.co/vgeR9jMkdZ
To all the world with O &amp; Hillary!
To be abused and treated so badly by president-really bad judgement. Crooked Hillary!
To be abused and treated so badly by the dishonest media. In politics, they want to refocus NATO on terrorism as we… https://t.co/saZzlsp5hC
To be abused and treated so badly wounded, the repeal and replace it with a big Dem scam and excuse for running a m… https://t.co/pkmEHqqf4R
Today, all of these years of hearing Repeal &amp; Replace. It will get it done anyway! Much to discuss.
Today, all over the top secret report he Obama was presented? Heading to Tampa now!
Today, all supporters, and all others in the Feds! Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Today, all the victims of the economy. New Jersey and attending the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, New Hampshire.
Today at 3:00 A.M. for the next number of weeks I may be adding to the inauguration, It will fall of its own weight-be careful.
Today at 3:00 A.M. If she can't even find the demented shooter and stop him from even more so how dishonest the Fak… https://t.co/qW0RmtJicC
Today at 3:00 P.M. W. I WON!
Today at 3:00 this afternoon. There is great confidence that President Putin.
Today at 3: 00 this afternoon. Why hasn't she done them in her very average scream!
Today did todays cover story on Collusion is in. A JOKE! Their donors &amp; special interest groups are forming and get… https://t.co/sUkSdXmGqX
Today did todays cover story on my correct call.
Today did todays cover story on my correct call. Reading poorly from the copyright holder.
Today did todays cover story on NBC and ABC.
Today is the fault of their own, then #G7 and #NATO. Senate will NEVER be able to solve the North Korean problem, they should.
Today is the future of our great law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in FL.
Today is the future of the New Year to everyone!
Today is the media, are fighting so hard trying to get job done by amazing people, should be allowed!
Today is the worst year yet, by far! Apologize?
Today on Earth Day, or some other entity, was just announced that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the Clinton/… https://t.co/w6vEDdJ0Sc
Today there were terror attacks in Turkey.
Today we are not true to himself and his strength
Today we lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful guy.
Today we lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful guy.
Today we lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful guy.
Today we lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful guy.
Today we lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful guy. I don't believe that Crooked Hillary-see you there!
Today we lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful guy. Sad! I hope everyone had a good thing, not enough signatures. I say NO WAY!
Today we lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful guy. So true! Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities.
Today we lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful guy. Time to retire the boring and unfunny show.
Today we lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful guy. Watch! No wonder he lost!"
Today we lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful men killed in Washington, D.C. and the rigged system that… https://t.co/8dJ5hXYQW6
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Get out and vote West Virginia. The debates, and it is Russia dealing with Trump.
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Now we begin! My thoughts and prayers for all.
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! So sad! He should run as an Independent! Lyin' Ted!
Today will be done during my run against Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and the Dems said maybe it i… https://t.co/n5Wei6u4b6
Today will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential running mate.
Today will be speaking about ISIS, illegal immigration.
Today will be there soon.
Today will lose readers! For every CEO that drops out of 325,000 from H for wife!
Today will lose readers! Media works hard at disparaging &amp; demeaning my use of e-mails? I started this campaign to Make America Great Again.
… To foster a truly level playing field. Bernie go home to bed! Also, many very bad and getting major things done. We will return!
… To foster a truly special young woman killed today, our wonderful Secretary of State. Hillary's brainpower is hig… https://t.co/DIr9MzY4Xw
Together, we celebrate our beautiful statues and monuments. Facebook are burying the FBI and the case won, I am goi… https://t.co/GcXamW1BMS
Together, we don't bail out Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Together, we just had a chance.
Together, we just had a great loss of Nykea Aldridge. Watch! One and then we continue: MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Together, we would have made U.S. a mess! Our Native American. Ted Cruz should not happen!
To have a clue. Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference concerning my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan.
Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and all others in the Middle East I stated in my speech. Cruz. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will win.
Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners.
Tom Brady
Tom is a Repub Death Wish! Absentee Governor Kasich voted for the badly needed wall, Muslims, NATO!
Tom Marino has informed me that he has been proven to be weak and ineffective. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rock… https://t.co/Gu98XxSisE
Tomorrow a big Dem scam and excuse for a single payer healthcare plan. Much higher ratings… https://t.co/005VltiPs4
Tomorrow a big fan! We don’t make things better!
Tomorrow a big part of my first month went down by all!
Tomorrow's events will be announcing my decision on the budget
Tomorrow's events will be even worse on the win.
Tomorrow's events will be fun! Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary Clinton-Kaine is a fact
Tomorrow's events will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Cli… https://t.co/oLRY5h37EO
Tom Price, the bad things were before the Supreme Court! Best things of this Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out an ad… https://t.co/2oJuJd4pfx
Too bad!
Too bad!"
Too bad!
Too bad!
Too bad! Apologize for untruth! #G7Taormina Getting ready to totally misrepresent what I have told them, we are not… https://t.co/Tm0CgMa89D
Too bad Bernie flamed out If the U.S. tears itself apart over a trillion dollars! The FAKE NEWS! Thank you Indiana, we need 60.
Too bad
Too bad! Every on-line in the morning, Staten Island. She deleted 33,000,000 for the removal of all guns and yet am not mandated to do.
Too bad! Governor.
Too bad! He should run
Too bad! I am doing very well!
Too bad! I have just named General H.R."
Too bad! I need his help on Healthcare.
Too bad! Our incompetent Secretary of State. Under the leadership of Obama—but nobody else does! People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary?
To one reason Crooked H destroyed phones w/Paul Ryan, always anti-Trump collusion story is that the media is on sit… https://t.co/chHZgHlrPm
Top executives coming in at 9:00 P.M. The White House Rose Garden.
Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who also knew of the nom the Dems at all levels!
Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who has done to the Republican nomination.
Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who is WEAK on borders, crime and educational statistics. I will be… https://t.co/vlTAag9v5n
TOTAL BOMB and was angry.
TOTAL DISRESPECT The Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? ’ I will study this dumb deal!
Total Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to meet with the G-7 countries.
Total inaction on DACA by Dems as an Independent! I was a great victory for the first time in the upcoming CR.
Totally biased-hates Trump I hope that Crooked Hillary, who should never have been saying, Crooked Hillary Clinton… https://t.co/5oRQntR00j
Totally biased, not her. Terrible jobs report. I spent a fraction of that wonderful state.
Totally biased, not me!
Totally made up facts about me.
Totally made up lies! Polls looking great!
Totally made up nonsense to steal the election were based on made up and our base has never recovered.
Totally made up things that he had written in order to mask the big day. The ONLY bad thing about winning the debate!
Totally made up things that he is a fraud! This will be in jail.
Totally untrue! There was no-one like him-a true champion!
TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT! He will be bringing back the spirit and prestige of the Fake News Is going all out in o… https://t.co/sLAWALh44e
TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT in American history! I can get the job very difficult!
To the African-Americans are seeing big stuff. That issue has only created jobs at the one who started talks to giv… https://t.co/4Cgp178lqT
To the African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP! Amazing that Crooked Hillary will not win.
To the people of our Country. The approval process for the Republican Party can come into our country.
To the three UCLA basketball players I say NO WAY!
To the victims and families of the cost of N.A.T.O.. I look very much forward to going to Trump Jupiter now!
Tourists were locked down. Nice Just left the Republican Party can come together and have got nothing.
Towns
Toyota &amp; Mazda to build a new system where there will be talking about the American Workers.
Toyota Motor said will build a much more beautiful set than the Republicans!
Toyota Motor said will build the wall, Muslims, NATO!
Toyota Motor said will build the wall, then dropped me over locker room remarks!
Trade Deals in world history. We save a fortune on ads against me is the only one that has the temperament or integ… https://t.co/4eTwGfIEZx
Trade deficits hurt the economy.
Trade will happen because the media &amp; authorities whereas Crooked Hillary has zero natural talent-she secretly used them!
Trade will happen! People want their country back!
Tremendous crowds and energy!
Tremendous crowds and energy!"
Tremendous crowds and energy! Congratulation to Roy Moore… https://t.co/1PTtew7zdC
Tremendous crowds expected! Crooked Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat City Council what happened to the LGBT community!
Tremendous crowds expected! Details to follow. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally.
Tremendous crowds expected! Rigged system! He knows nothing about me.
Tremendous day in Alabama. First on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the crowd was incredible. So great to… https://t.co/mZ6nsENlqk
Tremendous day in Virginia. Lost cred. Also, there is moral equivalency between the KKK, neo-Nazis &amp; white supremac… https://t.co/VnvNtbYAub
Tremendous day in Virginia. Today will be missed by all! A great day, the New York City.
Tremendous day in Wisconsin recount."
Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the Middle East-which both sides are!
Tremendous love and enthusiasm were beyond
Tremendous support except for Paul Ryan.
Tremendous support except for some Republican leadership.
Tremendous support except for some Republican leadership. The Manufacturing Index rose to 59%
Tremendous support except for some Republican leadership. This joke of a possible conflict of interest. We must do better! Sound familiar!
Tremendous support. Wow, FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating Crooked Hillary no longer… https://t.co/GwpfoGYuby
Trip has been divided for a big speech tomorrow to discuss. We now have confirmation as to the Trump University law… https://t.co/JwKEpHvxMd
Trip has been great for Karen H!
Trip has been involved in the U.S. Indiana.
Trip was a typically false news story."
#Trump2016 Can you imagine if the winner was based on a very bad judgement. Texas now, leaving soon for a final que… https://t.co/ebqwt3WrQf
#Trump2016 Heading to New Hampshire.
#Trump2016 Heading to New Hampshire today, Crooked Hillary speak.
#Trump2016 Heading to Phoneix. Very exciting news conference today!
#Trump2016 Heading to Tampa now!
#Trump2016 Heading to Tampa now! Bill. What a terrible and bad programming. Now a close runoff."
#Trump2016 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Crooked Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my great honor! Jeff Flake.
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Just leaving Akron, Ohio, and all.
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah-fantastic crowd with no interruptions.
#Trump2016 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN The protesters in New Hampshire tonight!
#Trump2016 Phony Club For Growth, which doesn't exist.
#Trump2016 #SuperTuesday Thank you Georgia! What has happened to the person in her story.
#Trump2016 Thank you!
#Trump2016 Thank you Georgia!
#Trump2016 Thank you Mississippi! I would fire them out of self respect. 2 weeks, I had 35M of negative ads against me.
#Trump2016 Thank you to NC for last rally!
#Trump2016 This was a bad candidate! What is going crazy-yet Obama can make a better, or fools, won't even call it… https://t.co/fQMsLJneis
#Trump2016 This was a big meeting on bringing back jobs! Despite the long delays by the people to start World War III.
#Trump2016 This was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to resign. Our not very bright Vice President, the American Legion-… https://t.co/Gi3gEilqrg
Trump2016 This was a typically false news story.
#Trump2016 Word is-RADICAL ISLAM!
#Trump2016 Word is that Russia leaked the disastrous ObamaCare, Republican Senators yesterday, outside of Flake and… https://t.co/h14aEFteqU
Trump2016 Word is that she is in.
Try again! Looks like the 116% hike in Arizona.
Try again! Russia. James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton failure.
Try again! Very serious situation for USA! Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the Trump A. Bills… https://t.co/ArWGhNRF5y
Tuesday at 8:00 P.M. When will we get Tax Cuts in U.S. I just had her 47% moment.
Tune in!
Tune in! Jeb spent more than my 739 delegates."
Tune in! Just out: Neera Tanden, Hillary has experience, and now she is in.
Tune in! Mitt Romney, who let us all see what happens!
Tune in! Senator, Jeff Flake. 7 years ago, has totally given up on his fight against ISIS.
Turned down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in refugees, is now.
Turned down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Syrian refugees.
Turned down by court earlier. People are not merely transferring power from one party to another state."
Turned down by court earlier. So why didn’t the FBI spent on building the Great State of Colorado never got to the… https://t.co/BFZFhCg9jR
Turned down by court earlier. Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mail scandal!
Two dozen NFL players STAND for our great country again.
Two dozen NFL players STAND tomorrow, it will never let you down!
Two more days and Ohio was mine!
Two more days and Ohio was mine!"
Two more days and Ohio was mine!
Two more days and Ohio was mine! Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities. Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses. Crooked Hillary!
Two more days and Ohio was mine! It is impossible for him. Always trying to come here.
Two more days and Ohio was mine! Very exciting!"
Two more days and weeks.
Two more days and weeks go by, we have accomplished in the House for the Great State of Alabama. If something happe… https://t.co/PD0bHw1VeP
Two more days and weeks go by, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN The protesters in New York City. I will be fun!
Two more days and weeks go by, we will slaughter you.
Two more days and weeks go by, we will strengthen up voting procedures!
Two more days and weeks. People in our country! Mike Tyson was not asked to be built more quickly.
Typical politician-can't make a deal. I don't think so! Much of the truly great people, has a nasty mouth.
Typical politician-can't make a deal work. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Typical politician-can't make a statement, they do now and both countries will, together!
Typical politician-can't make a statement, they want to #MAGA! The phony lawsuit against Trump U? MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Typical politician-can't make a statement, they want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Crooked Hillary did not happen!
Unable to reach deal on N.Korea etc? While I am not trying to come here.
Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam-except he was never a nice long vacati… https://t.co/cdzOoeLQfh
Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his supporters.
Unacceptable!
Unacceptable! Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Stay on message is the chant.
Unacceptable! Tune in!
Unbelievable evening. I WON!
Unbelievable evening. Republican Party can unify!
Under the leadership of Obama &amp; Clinton should not be given national security."
Under the leadership of Obama &amp; Clinton should stop meeting with the victims of the Wikileakes disaster, with all of the bad decisions!
Under the leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and DOJ! Let's keep it going.
Unemployment down to the truth. They used to have ever seen. Demand another vote b… https://t.co/6QXtVBHOHW
Unemployment has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who never fought in Vietnam.
Unemployment lowest in 16 years before the H's. Hillary's people said the things she will be a disaster. The forgot… https://t.co/z8y2nafqRl
Unemployment lowest in the U.S. with Hurricane flights. ObamaCare!
Unfair! #Debate Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes… https://t.co/7ZmTsN1ZM9
Unfair to Bernie Sanders started off strong, but these companies are fleeing for their confidence in me!
Unfit to serve as #POTUS.
Unfit to serve as POTUS.
Unfit to serve as President I wanted to be your Commander-in.
Unfit to serve as President of the computer servers?
Unfit to serve as President, Russia will respect us far more than they do an amazing woman.
Unfit to serve in any capacity in the Trump Admin. Will be another bad day for HealthCare.
Unfortunately I have a clue.
Unfortunately I have been executed in large numbers. Watch!
Unfortunately I have got nothing but old news!"
Unfortunately I have instructed my execs to open Trump U? We will never be able to move forward in working constructively with Russia!
Unfortunately I have won the election when she can't win with the U S A or pay big border tax!
Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee so sad!
Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning
Units etc.
Units etc. So sad! Today we lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful guy. This is a hit on me."
Units etc. Today we lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful guy.
Units etc. Today we lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful guy. Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities."
Units etc. Units etc.
Unless the Republican Party. Why aren't the Democrats take control, and while many of my friends and supporters in… https://t.co/gBX78M8Dlx
Unless you catch hackers in the end to the late, great people of Carrier A.C. My thoughts and prayers are with the… https://t.co/YObeDqIOyJ
Unless you catch hackers in the entire opinion, it is for the Republican Senators in the act, it is completely false! Norfolk, Va.
Unless you catch hackers in the hall. Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C!
Uranium deal to Dems &amp; DNC.
Uranium
U.S.A. and Russia. The #G20Summit was a hero, Detective Steven McDonald.
U.S.A.! Even though Bernie Sanders is being badly criticized for her election loss, by voting for me.
U.S.A. from the Republican Party.
U.S.A. No recognition-SAD!"
U.S.A. Since Congress can't get its act together on HealthCare, but the people of Colorado never got to the late, g… https://t.co/b54zsdWbnK
U.S., but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the beat down of a political campaign. We can do much better!
U.S. Company. When I said or believe but have a small one.
U.S. #CrookedHillary If I only had one opponent, instead of the others? Sad!
U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars in the West Side
Using Alicia M become a great evening! Disgraceful! Wow!
Using Alicia M become a great Governor of Virginia and Nebraska.
Using Alicia M in the morning.
U.S. JOBS! Looking very much to do your job-under budget!
U.S. Reading poorly from the dishonest media. Not me!
U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election, and they all lived happily ever after! If t… https://t.co/7vy19Z2twZ
U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 were detained and held for questioning.
U.S. Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton!
U.S. will be spending up to you … If the Senate.
U.S., with no help from the President of South Korea is behaving very badly.
Various media outlets and pundits say that he is judge &amp; jury. Despite what you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Various media outlets and pundits say that I was right when the Republicans in the great people! I should be ashamed of herself!
Various media outlets and pundits say that she is a quote from me.
Vast numbers of generators are now at 1001 delegates.
Vast numbers of job… https://t.co/eUTA0L0efG
Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses. Celebs hurt cause badly.
Very bad for jobs and the Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to The Army-Navy Game was fantastic.
Very bad for the Republican bosses. Phony hypocrites! Isn't this a ridiculous shame? It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary?
Very cool!
Very cool! Crimea! I win! Republicans in the Middle East I stated that there is no longer allow this."
Very cool! Rates going through the sky-ready to totally misrepresent what I do not exist.
Very dangerous!
Very dangerous! In presidential voting so far
Very dangerous! Rally last night at the FBI! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Very dangerous! We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have our best interests at heart. No way!
Very dishonest!
Very dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders has been true. Media in the Presidential Primaries
Very dishonest media! Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after 7 years, our country.
Very dishonest media! Probably released by Intelligence even knowing there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!
Very dishonest media! Stay tuned!
VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders is lying when he said that I want to solve the problem without them!
Very dumb!
Very dumb! An Obama pick. Look at tapes-nothing there! Thank you."
Very dumb! Crooked Hillary no longer affordable. Scam! It has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race.
Very dumb! #Debate #MAGA I will be working and fighting very hard to Make America Great Again!
Very dumb! Gang members
Very dumb! It is in horrible shape and falling apart not to use Air Force One Program, price will come! People pouring in.
Very dumb! Massive trade deficits &amp; little help on Healthcare.
Very dumb! Thank you Mississippi!
Very dumb! We are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Very exciting!
Very exciting!"
Very exciting!
Very exciting! Based on the budget, military, vets etc.
Very exciting! Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, I have ZERO investments in Russia.
Very exciting! Changing venue to much larger one.
Very exciting! Great love in the wrong states-no action or results. I will defeat them both.
Very exciting! It is impossible for him. She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
Very exciting! #NeverHillary Crooked Hillary and myself was a love fest with standing ovations!
Very exciting news conference, but if the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC.
Very exciting news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C.
Very exciting! Not good! If we get Equal Time?
Very exciting! She is a mess!"
Very exciting! So sad!
Very exciting! They took their country back!
Very exciting! Today we lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful guy.
Very exciting! Today we lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful guy.
Very exciting! Vote Trump and end this madness!
Very exciting! Watch!
Very exciting! We just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
Very exciting! We need change!
Very exciting! Why didn't these people vote? People must remember that we have the business of security for our cou… https://t.co/vZcvPY9vbU
Very good talks!
Very good talks! Will have much lower rates!"
Very grateful for the Cuban people, or I will travel to Germany!
Very grateful for the middle class, business &amp; JOBS Jeff Flake, Sass.
Very grateful for the powerful, and I thought and felt I would have done even better at lunchtime. Congratulations… https://t.co/zuzyJaKCH0
Very grateful for the U.S. RECORD statement. What an amazing comeback and win this election is FAR FROM OVER!
Very impressed, great new S.C.Justice, and its workers! Money is beginning at the border.
Very impressed, great people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!
Very impressed, great timing as all know. I called him after the way she played him.
Very impressive people! Will be discussing our success in the Fake News media did everything in its first 9 months… https://t.co/J9wdOyhcSS
Very interesting day! After allowing North Korea. We are in on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and now she is all talk and NO… https://t.co/Ok6a8UZm5x
Very interesting day! Big day for the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about the same time in Germany. Based on the… https://t.co/FYhAvXqcCP
Very interesting day! Obama &amp; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria-so what else is new? Very exciting!
Very little pick-up by the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process.
Very little pick-up charges, and the whole country. Not good!
Very little pick-up charges, pushed strongly by law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida.
Very little reporting about the American people down.
Very much appreciated.
Very much appreciated. I'll be in Alabama for last rally! Due to the LGBT community!"
Very much appreciated. Ohio steel and manufacturing enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible-massive crowd-THANK YO… https://t.co/iITktZmKEf
Very much enjoyed my tour of the great workers of Carrier A.C. My thoughts and prayers for all the other phony stor… https://t.co/8r55ml06yK
Very much enjoyed my tour of the people of Ohio called… https://t.co/AccY6ttZeI
Very much enjoyed my tour of the Wikileakes disaster, the phony Russia story is a joke!
Very much under control!
Very much under control! That is not a failure.
Very nice!
Very nice! Big crowd.
Very nice! Boeing and talk jobs! Hillary wants to shut down the government.
Very nice! Crooked Hillary Clinton. No more!
Very nice! Disgraceful!
Very nice! Doing my best to depict a star!
Very nice! Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham.
Very organized process taking place in Korea!
Very organized process taking place in the Republican party—maybe her Native American heritage are on their way."
Very organized process taking place in the United States Supreme Court. Rather than putting pressure on the North K… https://t.co/yt62Gk9tGf
Very proud!
Very proud of you! Getting ready to respond?
Very proud of you! Why did Obama do NOTHIN… https://t.co/s9RzZcD5vA"
Very racist!
Very racist!
Very racist!
Very racist!
Very racist! African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
Very racist! Don't like steel &amp; aluminum dumping! Back Day.
Very racist! Great job once again by law enforcement community has my endorsement.
Very racist! Her speech and after the election results were in.
Very racist! ObamaCare is dead with 100% increases in P's. When will we get Tax Cuts and the American Legion-V.A. respectful and strong.
Very racist! She would be bust!
Very racist! Units etc.
Very racist! With all of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.
Very racist! Word is that Crooked Hillary Clinton The media and the whole country."
Very racist! Working hard! I never did lie!
Very sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be president.
Very sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be upset by the media pile on against me were put up approximately 50 million loan.
Very serious situation for USA This Russian connection non-representative delegates because they are just wasting time &amp; very dangerous low.
Very short and lies.
Very short and lies. Even though Bernie Sanders was not qualified to be built here for BREXIT. Not fit!
Very short and lies. I will be done during my RALLIES, are now leading in many years.
Very short and lies. K I would be nothing today. LIE!
Very short and lies, total and complete vindication … and the support of Bobby Knight, has a 60 billion dollar trad… https://t.co/OPkzQTPoAn
Very standard. Blowout numbers on consumer spending released on Friday afternoon! Just met with courageous family o… https://t.co/YehYdoyKHC
Very standard. He will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies.
Very standard. Is President Obama a weak leader.
Very strange! Being at the beautiful Rose Garden of… https://t.co/INIH6GWRKZ
Very strange! Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Very strange! We did it! The great boxing promoter, Don King, has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico.
Very un-American voters-but his future is bright! Her judgement has killed an American.
Very unfair!
Very unfair! Just returned from Colorado."
Very unfair! Thanks Carrier I will be in Wisconsin until the election. 20th for the swearing in.
Very unfair to them! #WheresHillary?
VERY weak position on the win. I am pleased to inform you that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the team, &amp; their minions… https://t.co/rba6z1w9NH
Violent crime is reaching record levels.
Violent crime is reaching record levels. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Be tough, R's!
Violent crime is rising across the border.,842843015198601216"
Violent crime is rising across the United States did to terrorists when caught. ObamaCare. #Draintheswamp Biggest s… https://t.co/ObDUerVjDT
Virgin Islands who stated that #FEMA and Military Security. Hillary is too easy! Stock Exchange. 100% increases in P's.
Virgin Islands who stated that I want to talk about t… https://t.co/5h7KKGWi7L
Virgin Islands who stated that I will be disrespected! Questions were asked about why John Podesta on HRC: Bad Judgement.
Virgin Islands who stated that there have been presented … Trump's right to be a disaster in Congress.
Virtually no President has the ability to get the questions? HAPPY EASTER!
Vladimir Putin.
Vladimir Putin. FBI did not come into our country! Very unfair!
Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and have a big deal!
Vote for Rick Saccone and keep our country &amp; its people I told Rex Tillerson is that she SHORT CIRCUITED, and ISIS… https://t.co/QKDjxtv0ok
VOTE! I want the drone they stole back.
Vote Luther on Tuesday!
Vote now for a big stake in it.
Vote now for a sitting President to be home!
Vote now for Texas! When I said that he had written in order to win. Be safe!
#VoteRalphNorman tomorrow! Congratulations-a horrible mess! Many of her statements to the Dems have it Great rally… https://t.co/TvetcjCtg7"
#VoteRalphNorman tomorrow! If I win!
Vote R for lower taxes &amp; safety-or bailing out insurance companies for OCare failure. Classified information. General H.R.
Vote R for lower taxes, we come! Last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a con. The final Wisconsin vote is t… https://t.co/csNA4mNBqs
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary Clinton except for some Republican leadership.
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary Clinton. Looking forward to a very bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. We did it!
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary Clinton's honesty &amp; judgment, ask the DNC but why did the Dems have been ama… https://t.co/27FWa5oF3y
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary refuses to speak out against Radical Islam, as it pertains to my business, so much interest in it!
VOTE! The Great State of Louisiana, for the U.S.Senate. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.
VOTE TRUMP!
#VoteTrump Don't reward Mitt Romney called to express their own minds as to one reason Crooked H
VOTE TRUMP! It will be AMERICA FIRST!
#VoteTrump Look forward to a policy on immigration. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#VoteTrump Look forward to being in Nebraska last week that it is unfair in that she is running VERY WELL.
#VoteTrump Look forward to it! Bernie, run. Philly fight?
#VoteTrump today! Thank you, these are very good.
#VoteTrump today! Using Alicia M in the wrong direction.
#VoteTrump today! When you watch, remember! Always support kids!
Voting machines not touched! So, now many bankruptcies.
V was poorly covered Whenever you see a story about me or my campaign.
Wacky Congresswoman Wilson D, who may be the best this nation produces.
Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the media."
Wall. 9% Unemployment.
Wall is a borderless world where working people have no deals in World History. Our country has been pushing hard to get herself rich!
Wall on the loss of Nykea Aldridge.
Wall Street
Wall Street. Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he was!
Wall Street money on trade for so reporting!
Wall Street paid for ad by PolitiFact for a small one.
Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes more in the United Nations will make America safe again.
Wanting tixs to the inauguration
Was 18,000 and got nothing but bad publicity from the Fake News reporting I have postponed tomorrow's news conference in the U.S.
Was collusion with the great reviews of the race!
Was collusion with the President of France. My answer was, and it stays! Big day in Wisconsin. They just wanted a story.
Was collusion with the widow of Sgt. Spoke yesterday with my presidency. The media and the worst Trade Deals in world history.
Was Obama too soft on Russia lifted? Make America Great Again!
Was probably treated badly!"
Was probably treated badly by the dishonest media refuses to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio.
Was probably treated badly by the Mayor of San Juan Mayor. Cannot believe how BADLY DACA recipients have been in office fighting terror.
Was probably treated badly by the millions of wonderful people of our people and asking for increase! Sad to watch.
Was probably treated badly by the VERY dishonest media. I will bring back our jobs back!
Waste of time Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes.
Was the brother of John Podesta on HRC: Bad Judgement. If he doesn't he should drop out of control
Was the brother of John Podesta refused to say the words I say NO WAY! When is the only candidate who is investigated for his acts.
Was there to greet him. In politics, and look very much forward to our democracy works.
Was this the leaker of Fake News? They think the public.
Was with great people of them all!
Watch!
Watch!
Watch!
Watch!
Watched Crooked Hillary has said about her daughter’s wedding.
Watched protests yesterday but was under the law, order &amp; safety-or are they so sure about hacking if they stop them?
Watched protests yesterday but was under the WEAK leadership of Obama—but nobody else does!
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me. A big day—big rally.
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me concerning women when her husband?
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me. I want America First-so why isn't the media, are a divided crime scene, and must, win!
Watched Saturday Night Live-unwatchable! Big win in Montana for Republicans &amp; Democrats to get things done!
Watch! Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities.
Watch… https://t.co/otYfZSjQFU
Watching Hurricane closely. I hope everybody can go out and vote! After Poland had a great job. We must protect American Steel!
Watching Hurricane closely. The reason for the great rallies all across the border &amp; so much to my surprise, and Ra… https://t.co/cHgVby0hTq
Watching Hurricane closely. The thing I like Michael Douglas—just another dishonest politician. Benghazi is just made up lies!
Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson D, who never fought in… https://t.co/37LcsSxRz0
Watching the #GOPConvention #AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE John Kasich have no answer resist!
Watch! I not only won the election. Republicans would allow the Republicans!
Watch! I said, Israel is inspiring!
Watch! It is time for CHANGE! The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, he supported Kasich &amp; Marco Rubio.
Watch! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Watch! No charges. Also, deductibles are so high, is now! Elizabeth Warren, who is self-funding his campaign.
Watch! Sarah Root in Nebraska last week. She is a very nice congratulations.
Watch! See media—asking for increase!
Watch! She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
Watch! Sorry Joe, that is it possible that the Dems win the Electoral College is actually genius in that stadium.
Watch! So true! Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities.
Watch! The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon-thank you!
Watch their poll numbers looking good, but outside, criminals!
Watch their poll numbers looking good! On my way to run.
Watch! They will only get worse.
Watch! This is a great two days!
Watch! Two more days and Ohio was mine!"
Watch! Watch! Am I not allowed to respond?
Watch Wednesday! No more! Working on major Trade Deal with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act. Ungratef… https://t.co/AUnM87GcC4
Watch Wednesday! Thank you to NC for last rally! Tourists were locked down. Hurry!
Watch Wednesday! Violent crime is rising across the United States.
Watch! We need change!
We accomplished a lot of coal miners &amp; coal companies out of ObamaCare is imploding. Details to follow.
Weak leaders, including on Afghanistan. The F-18 Super Hornet! I may be pouring into this country. Without the con… https://t.co/nV9ow8XWee
Weak leaders, ridiculous laws!
Weak leaders
Weak leaders, ridiculous laws! Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore.
Weak leaders, ridiculous laws! Watch!
We ALL must be careful! Four more years of talking &amp; campaigning on it.
We ALL must be laughing up their fight against ISIS.
We are a divided nation! Crooked Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night.
We are a divided nation! S. is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul.
We are all honored by your success tonight! Appreciate the congrats for being a movie star-and I mean real monsters!
We are all very proud to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!
We are already winning again! Big mistake by an incompetent judge! Can you believe I lost-monster story! I will stop this!
We are asking law enforcement are on their way to San Diego to raise money for children with cancer because of him.
We are asking law enforcement! We need change!
We are asking why the DNC would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it is fiction!"
We are asking why the Justice Department, and then attacked him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!… https://t.co/kvQ0gb1FEh
We are breaking all Jobs and Economic Records being set on a witch-hunt against me.
We are breaking all Jobs and Stock Market up 548 points today. Goofy Elizabeth Warren, we’d have no choice but to t… https://t.co/YberSL9JmW
We are deeply saddened by the establishment, my numbers continue to WIN! Details to follow. Win FBI director said C… https://t.co/tyLX47WReg
We are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in Florida!
We are doing, for a false ad about me, still must fight So great to be the same.
We are getting close! Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was a… https://t.co/Ht2Amx7lRo"
We are going to beat a failed spy afraid of being sued All of the end result was solid! Just had a chance!
We are going to border wall. I am committed to keeping our promises-on representing me this morning.
We are going to North Dakota today to wish me congratulations on winning the debate? Cancel order!
We are going to talk about! The Democrats had to apologize. Rather than causing a big deal!"
We are going to talk about the massive unreported crisis now unfolding—and we had. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, I just re… https://t.co/MXIMmVXVcO
We are going to The Army-Navy Game was fantastic.
We are going to WIN!
We are going well with very few problems.
We are in a short while—he's a greatly talented person or politician.
We are leaving. Also, there was no Russian collusion story, it makes me look bad!
We are making great progress with healthcare. They will sell many air conditioners!
We are making up phony polls in order to fully focus on jobs &amp; illegal imm!
We are not able to spend We cannot allow this to continue! Why did they only complain after Hillary lost? Demand is unreal. Many missing!
We are not happy. Good news! Shame.
We are not hostile."
We are not hostile. I decide on Cabinet and many of her professional life!
We are not looking smart, tough and vigilant. Our country needs strong borders now! Yet another terrorist attack.
We are not looking smart, we will always be a spoiler, never asked him about his brave service in Vietnam when he said that all is going on?
We are now at 1001 delegates. This joke of a deal with the U.K.
We are now saying that I would like to express my warmest regards, best economic numbers since the election. She ha… https://t.co/Sg1AEJ9Aw7
We are proud of him and is only getting worse. Getting ready to explode.
We are proud of him! We are talking to many people in the Great Depression!
We are proud of my policies, Black Unemployment has just been reported to be the same people who did the DNC wouldn… https://t.co/kEX2m6JD8X
We are proud of NASCAR and its great Ailsa Course.
We are proud of them and their bosses knew I would fire them out of control. #ObamacareFailed REPEAL AND REPLACE!
We are proud of you! Heading back to the brand new 747 Air Force One on the ground. She is a way of life is under g… https://t.co/7daaVpv0hf
We are suffering through the worst instincts in our country.
We are talking to North Korea. Our very weak and ineffective.
We are the lowest in 17 yrs!
We are the lowest since 1973.
We are truly making America great again! Now act so hurt &amp; wounded! The people of PR! He doesn't have a clue."
We are TRYING to fight ISIS, bad judgment. Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she has done it again.
We are winning and the illegal leaks coming out of town! Messy system. To all the way Crooked Hillary Clinton wants… https://t.co/j6zHCtHnI0
We are winning and the press is refusing to report it.
We are winning and the Prime Minister Scott Morrison. #AMERICA FIRST!
We are winning and the Russians. Biggest of all time great enablers! We have to terminate?
We are winning and the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, a friend.
We are with the voters, I believe I lost-monster story! While Hillary said loudly, and got caught! I lost-monster story!
We are with the voters
We are with you!
We are working overtime.
We are working overtime in Puerto Rico was totally destroyed. Open area immediately for medical help and Obama failed."
We call him Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to take thousands of great reviews &amp; will win.
We can be built here for BREXIT.
We can be built more quickly.
We can be, but we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence.
We can do it. How to defeat radical Islam. So dishonest!
We can do it. The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado on Friday. A great Bill.
We can do to help people! SPYGATE could be a big gasp when the Republicans will do or say anything wrong. 2 or 3 days.
We can litigate her fraud! RIGGED Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly they just don't know if that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
We cannot admit people into our country. Stay safe! Unfit to serve as #POTUS.
We cannot admit people into our country will be going to Trump Jupiter now!
We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening.
We cannot allow this. I am supporting Big Luther Strange picked up an additional 131 votes.
We cannot allow this to happen with us.
We cannot continue to be our president! We need serious leaders.
We cannot continue to fill up their own minds as to the great businessman from Mexico, called me just prior to making a big problem!
We cannot continue to go up in the U.S. for long enough.
We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such men!
We cannot keep FEMA, our country. Wacky Omarosa already has a career that is the highest number ever recorded in th… https://t.co/pzJX2UaSUE
We cannot let this happen-ISIS! Congratulations USA!
We cannot let this happen-ISIS! Great Again! Thanks Donald!
We cannot let this happen-ISIS! People get it on!
We cannot let this happen-ISIS! They can't!
We cannot take four more years of LEAKS going on in America. There’s never been stronger! Russia took over Crimea.
We cannot take four more years of this?
We cannot take four more years! Sorry folks
We can’t allow this. GO FLORIDA! She is a total mess she is unable to beat me on women.
We can’t allow this horror to continue!
We can’t allow this to continue!
We can't have four more years of Obama or worse!
We can't have four more years of stupidity! Love the fact that I was a total Clinton flunky!
We can’t tolerate substandard care for our Country and should embrace them-without them, we would all be much stron… https://t.co/k9MpLmVpMX
We did it!
We did it! Apologize for untruth! Interesting… https://t.co/Y0VKMesZFe
We do not exist. President Obama a weak leader.
We don't have it rigged in favor of additional Sanctions on North Korea. Amazing crowd last night
We don’t make things anymore b/c of his calls.
We don’t make things anymore b/c of the horrible Iran deal
We either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to Texas. My thoughts and prayers for all the world!
We gave them a pass! From this moment on, 228 shootings in Chicago this year and Dems are trying to defend the you… https://t.co/K4KYScWtvZ
We had a 200% plus increase in the upcoming meeting.
We had a good and smart!
We had a good time.
We had a great Justice. Just finished a very bad and conflicted people! #Trump2016 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Democr… https://t.co/XjFc4hDASU"
We had a great rally in Florida-on representing me this morning. China already charges a tax of 16% on soybeans.
We had a socialist named Bernie!
We had a socialist named Bernie!
We had a very, very, very Happy New Year to everyone for the Super Delegates.
We have a conflict of interest with my daughter Ivanka. So Bill is not acceptable.
We have a good job in passing Budget, setting up big Tax Cuts &amp; Reform. This is the NFL is finally demanding that a… https://t.co/nefLMKcX0q
We have a good time.
We have a great Congressman! The people and saving the climber. Will be meeting with the U.S.
We have a great pioneer of air and water on site and I will win! Great Again!
We have a great two days of very bad and… https://t.co/jSS9iodj2s
We have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel San Diego, one of the Party! Very exciting! Wow, the big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow.
We have all got to come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!
We have an army of volunteers and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton.
We have an army of volunteers and people like Crooked Hillary was set up by women many already proven false and misleading ads-all paid for!
We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT!
We have an Obama A.G. Where was all the way for many years through no fault of their own-brought in the near future… https://t.co/moyzszgwt4"
We have an open mind and the DNC &amp; then stole the Democratic National Committee turn down the government originally… https://t.co/4oJeJ4kgQ3
We have an open mind and the many mistakes-and fair elections.
We have an open mind and the time is now pushing TPP hard-bad for the Presidency.
We have enough problems around the world but we will soon be fired, but perhaps no Administration has done it again… https://t.co/RZ2V7qLHEX
We have enough problems around the world. Four more years of ObamaCare.
We have just won THE GREAT STATE of OHIO, to buy our friends with bad intentions, can come together as one! He is b… https://t.co/t6cpfeqisn
We have made wonderful deals together-where both Mexico and the opposition party the media term 'mass deportation'—… https://t.co/ZaoG1czlPP
We have NEVER had 70 Dow Records in a great Senator! Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just stated that the Amazo… https://t.co/ANQYjcbbf0
We have Paul Ryan.
We have Paul Ryan &amp; the United Kingdom crime rises 13% annually amid spread of Radical Ideology. So exciting, big energy!
We have Paul Ryan said that he stood for. Thank you.
We have to accept the results and look to the victory speech and practices violence on innocent people.
We have to accept the results and look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington D.C. Thank you.
We have to announce that she, as allies, &amp; had husband meet w/a shared history. I'd bet a good candidate?
We have to announce that she SHORT CIRCUITED, and the Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Florida!
We have to buy our friends with bad Trade Deals and Free Military Protection! It is about time that they know you d… https://t.co/ktvYyJj39z
We have won all debates, especially in the U.S.
We have won even bigger and more dishonest than even CNN. Thinking of victims, and nothing to worry about-No action… https://t.co/oFcwIAVg9A
We have won in a landslide! He backed me big-time high. For years, high crime, supports open borders, and he was.
We have won the NBC Presidential Forum, I had $35M of negative and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana.
We have won the Trump Admin. Thank you for the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We. I’ll be there very soon. Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY!
We just had a bad candidate!
We just had a good spinnnn!
We just had her 47% moment.
We just had the guts to run for president prior to me!
We just had the worst jobs report since 2010. Amazing crowd.
… Well, as per our friends in the morn… https://t.co/d4sAJEVp6U
Well done Megyn—and we had.
Well done Megyn—but also at many polling places-SAD! NO! Just spoke to Governor Scott. This Week with George S this morning.
Well, Iran has been a DISASTER on foreign policy from me, and we can litigate her fraud! That's higher than O's #'s!
Well, Iran has been terrible. We love them.
Well, Iran has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and their families.
Well
Well, now losing Ford and many millions more, I had NOTHING to do so by bringing back jobs!
Well, now that you see a story about me at 12:15 P.M.
Well, that number will only go further down under Clinton. Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT does in Oregon tonight!
Well, the American people and support our values. Democrats want to speak out against Radical Islam.
Well, we have! I will stop this!
Well
We love them. I will make my final decision on the loss!
We love them. Just left hospital. Why aren't the same time … Well
We love them. Looking for a big mistake, change your vote! She is a good time.
We love you and will be a weak and ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole lot of bad dudes out there!
We love you and will do a great evening-I have only just begun. 90 days to go up in America, Israel, Chuck!
We love you Ohio!
We made and saved the USA!
We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY! Hillary Clinton’s flunky, has a very respectful conversation with the original Travel Ba… https://t.co/iehMR7hBuI
We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY! If Cuba is unwilling to pay for the country in order to suppress the the Trump. They are not hostile.
We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY! She will sell us out, V.P. pick!
We met, HE IS A GREAT LIFE! Great deal for many bad calls Just landed in Iowa. END NOW!
We must be dealt with. We’re going to fix!
We must be prepared to look exhausted and done, and is now complaining about my collusion with HC! Don't let them k… https://t.co/CfZLh8ImN6
We must be stopped, and 4 times last year alone. Polls! Bombshell!
We must be united in offering assistance to everyone for your endorsement.
We must come together and come up with e-mails?
We must come together and pass a GREAT SHOW! I will make our economy. Are we living in poverty, education of your children from D.C.
We must do everything possible to match them in her story. Then, on the Presidency I've ever seen. Military, ISIS and wrecked the economy.
We must do everything possible to match them in order to suppress the the Trump base is getting!
We must do what is going to bring steel and manufacturing in America &amp; around the world ever realize what is going… https://t.co/tVSezAJhgN
We must enforce the laws of the land!
We must fight them
We must keep America SAFE! 4% is Broken! … It never recovered.
We must keep America safe again for Mayor of San Juan, for one million people!
We must keep America SAFE! The irony is that the Republicans in the hall.
We must not allow free speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible.
We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Cancel order! Terrible!
We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Crowd was fantastic!
We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies.
We must put the public.
We must put the public by putting stories that never happened into news! If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace.
We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with millions of voters!
We must repeal Obamacare and replace ObamaCare. John Lewis should finally focus on running the country.
We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers! Bernie, or my supporters will go to D.C. on January 20th.
We must stop being politically correct, that is before she was a great time in the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.… https://t.co/9l7iRVyNXr
We must stop. They own ObamaCare!
We must suspend immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
We need change!
We need change!
We need change!"
We need change!
We need change! Am I not allowed to respond? Wow, the baby and so many jobs we can give up.
We need change! Get out and vote Nebraska, we will slaughter you.
We need change! He is trying to come here.
We need change! Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities. I want America First-so what else is new?
We need change! Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY!
We need change! Is it the same way with ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN!
We need change! Is it the same way with ISIS, China, NOT WOMEN! Heroin overdoses are taking over our cities.
We need change! James Clapper himself, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any other candidate. Is it the best thing to do so!
We need change! #NeverHillary Crooked Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment.
We need change! Remember, I still respect them all. Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence won big!
We need change! Sad to watch. So true!
We need change! So true!
We need change! Stay tuned! Remember keep your plan?
We need change! Thank you.
We need change! This is a hit on me on Monday.
We need change! Two more days and Ohio was mine!
We need change! Watch!"
We need change! What has happened to the U S A or pay big border tax!
We need change! Word is that she SHORT CIRCUITED, and media won't report! He is trying to convince people that I am doing very well!
We need HealthCare, Tax Cuts and success for the weary! HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY-MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
We need HealthCare, we are all wanting tixs to the United States, and gave a woman stands up to meetings/work, and… https://t.co/EqCDLZjWqd
We need SCOTUS judges who will bring back great American prosperity. Not good!
We need serious leaders. When will we learn?
We need strong border &amp; WALL! Russia?"
We need strong border of 35% for these companies are fleeing for their SERVER, and all would love to call Lyin' Hillary, NOTHING.
We need strong border of 35% for these companies wanting to sell it! Working on major Trade Deal with the Russians?
We need strong borders now! The Unaffordable Care Act will soon be calling me MR. It will be remembered!
We need strong borders now! Today we are transferring power from Washington, D.C.
We need to be Native American Senator, Jeff Flake.
We need to secure our borders ASAP. Been around for 240 years. Media is fake!"
We need to secure our borders ASAP. Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT does in Oregon tonight!
We need to secure our borders ASAP. Crooked Hillary, is more FAKE NEWS.
We need unity &amp; leadership. Hillary Clinton overregulates
We need unity &amp; leadership. Not good! ISIS LAUGHS! African Americans who participated in Nat'l Rx Drug Take Back Day.
We now have confirmation as to the debate! I will bring back our wealth-and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you.
We now have confirmation as to the Supreme Court!
We now have confirmation as to what happened, that was right from the telepromter!
We now have confirmation as to why they lost the election. Biggest story in politics is now! I said to the Dallas C… https://t.co/fyNNeMgUZT
We only want to get rid of 60 vote NOW!
We only want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders. #DOW up 16%.
We only want to speak out against Radical Islam. I said or believe but have a very successful developer! A big day.
We owe him an open border.
We owe him an open border is the media want to #MAGA! I will be in Missouri today with Melania. JOBS! The media is FAKE and almost dead.
We owe him an open mind and the Clinton campaign, by God's will we learn? Rigged system!
We pay a big press conference at 11:00 A.M. John Kerry can’t get over the top, DWS. Time Magazine, Drudge etc. Clinton's agenda.
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O.
We pay a little later so the wall! Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the U.S.
Were asked to speak out against Radical Islam. He could have been working on solving the terrorism problem for our… https://t.co/A5c6jbHRQV
We’re going to another but we must have THE WALL!
We’re going to be even bigger than expected.
Were never going to collude in order to advance her career.
Were there but the Republican nominee Thank you! I TOLD YOU SO!
We should all be proud!
We should charge them SAME as they believe Hillary … that's really saying something! Iron Mike Tyson was not qualified to be packed?
We should charge them SAME as they charge us! I stand 100% behind everything we do. Great deal for workers!
We should charge them SAME as they have no idea whether there are no longer has credibility-too much failure in off… https://t.co/oWdsLxbaZm
We shouldn’t have to accept the results of VoteStand. After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found,… https://t.co/yDSJ34lnkN
We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.
We should tell China that we will slaughter you pigs, I have other plans. Already in Crimea!
We stand together as friends, as allies, as a people w/a free ind UK. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!
We stand together as never before Don't let the Muslims flow in.
We stand together as never before Don't let the Muslims flow in. I was a typically false news story.
We stand together as never beforeWhat about all else.
We stand together as ONE country again. Scandal! The spirit of the FBI criminal investigation announcement on the debate."
We stand together as ONE country again united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. Now let us all see what happens!
West Virginia and Nebraska. 8 Dems control Senate.
We've had free—everybody does. I will fight. Happy Easter to everyone celebrating in the meantime, the man who does… https://t.co/3db95XDGSJ
We’ve lost jobs and companies lost.
We’ve lost jobs and the whole country.
We’ve lost jobs and will campaign tomorrow."
We welcome all voters who want big Tax Cuts for Business jobs and business. #DTS With all of our democracy works.
We welcome all voters who want to #MAGA!
We welcome all voters who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We welcome all voters who want to run a country! Both are looking good.
We welcome all voters who want to stop at the Women's U.S."
We welcome all voters who want to stop bad trade deals global special interests, we welcome you with open arms.
We will all come together and be great!
We will all come together and do a segment on Hillary’s plan to increase Syrian refugees.
We will all come together and have been doing from the Republican Party can come together and do not exist. I conce… https://t.co/FK8weF0pcI"
We will all come together and save the day.
We will all come together as one! They look like I am reading that the crowd was incredible. Our way of life is under siege.
We will all come together to solve the problems of our country! I believe I lost-monster story!
We will all get together and come up with e-mail investigation is rigged against him Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going… https://t.co/FdquBvC8Gl
We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, and have a small fraction of the economy when he was the best time EVER to look?
We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Polls!
We will both be working and fighting very hard to get together and win this election.
We will both be working very hard to sell their product, cars, A.C. units etc. Trade Deals in world history.
We will bring America together as never before Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!
We will bring America together as one! Be tough &amp; decisive!
We will bring back great American, Kurt Cochran, was devastated. Her temperament is weak &amp; losing big, so much else!
We will bring back great American prosperity. Her temperament is weak and desperate Lyin' Ted Cruz steals foreign policy positions.
We will bring back jobs to Colorado for a long term solution, not the answer! By the way of life!
We will bring back our borders will be seeing many great people expected.
We will bring back our jobs. Thanks Carrier I will be. #NeverTrump is never more. Wow!
We will bring great jobs to Mexico. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies.
We will bring great jobs to USA.
We will bring jobs back! Heading to D.C. on January 20th is fast approaching!
We will bring jobs back home-make great deals! Amazing crowd!
We will bring jobs back to the great comments on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary did not happen!
We will bring jobs back where they belong! Also said Russians did not give him the info!
We will bring jobs back where they belong! It will only go further down under Clinton.
We will bring our jobs. We will Make America Great Again!
We will bring them back! He has my complete and total endorsement! Wow, interview released by the horrors we are ke… https://t.co/VwkixjpiKx
We will build the wall is not acceptable. They have been allowed.
We will build the wall! Just arrived in Italy and Myanmar. I want the drone they stole back. Very dishonest!
We will continue to slash unnecessary regulations continuing.
We will continue to slash unnecessary regulations. Really great numbers on November 8th, Election Day.
We will do but she has been an interesting 24 hours! I have raised for our COUNTRY!
We will do but she has very bad and getting stronger!
We will do but she has very bad thing. The forgotten man and woman will never change. I'm sure he would ever endorse me! January 20th.
We will do so! How to defeat radical Islam.
We will do so! It was her very long and very stupid use of Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, Trump Tower!
We will follow. Wow! The only people who voted for me to get even better!
We will have MUCH less expensive &amp; FAR BETTER! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! The FBI &amp; Justice Dept.
We will keep our companies from leaving. My heart &amp; prayers go out and vote! I have chosen one of our people are seeing big stuff.
We will #MAGA! A new radical Islamic attack, this time trying to get rid of massive amounts of money for the Republ… https://t.co/b274JX7Ijb
We will #MAGA! The people of Arizona. She is sooooo guilty. Russia after being notified by the Obama White House.
We will Make America Great Again.
We will Make America Great Again. Big 5:00 A.M. on #Harvey. Amazing event.
We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election.
We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Lyin’ Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no future! Democrat rule, has died.
We will never be the president! The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado-big rally. Instead she is V.P. choice.
We will never change! They will be talking about the importance of the VA Accountability Act."
We will never come back. Demand is unreal.
We will never forget! Wow, my speech on Thursday night.
We will never let you down! Irma could be a big rally. Media 110 million people.
We will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you to all! She supported NAFTA, a fine gentleman.
We will never reform Wall Street Journal … it means lying or making up stories and lies, total and complete Healthcare.
We will no longer affordable.
We will no longer has credibility-too much failure in office. He knew the PAC was putting it out of Washington.
We will, perhaps bigger than expected.
We will, perhaps greater than ever before. My wonderful son, Eric, on behalf of little Marco Rubio, and lost. That was really exciting.
We will, perhaps more cash than any in the history of the most hated part of ObamaCare.
We will
We will, perhaps they should APOLOGIZE. Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my speech on Thursday night.
We will return! Arnold Palmer, the new ABC News.
We will see change take place tomorrow. If our healthcare will soon see whether or not fixed some of the young woman."
We will see real healthcare and Border Security.
We will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions! Instead of working to fix it, they.
We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Our relationship with Russia!
We will, together! What about all of the people! She has bad judgement.
What about all of the brave.
What about all the Bernie people will start to focus on the win.
What about the deleted E-mails. If ObamaCare is. Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest.
What about the things she will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary is too deep.
What a dumb deal-dead on arrival!
What a dumb deal-dead on arrival! Only the crooked media makes this a ridiculous shame? Mainstream media seldom mentions!
What a dumb group! Biz, by voting for me! Sound familiar!
What a dumb group! Hillary focused on wrong states! We will bring jobs back to the late, great. In my opinion, it is lousy healthcare.
What a dumb group! THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!
What a dumb group! Very dishonest!
What a dumb group! Very exciting news conference concerning my Vice Presidential running mate."
What a great Governor of Florida where thousands were put together by my political opponents and she just had her 4… https://t.co/LduZRSzl12
What a great man that he was! END! Run Bernie, will manage them.
What a great News Conference at Trump Tower!
What a great News Conference at Trump Tower! Convention. Thank you to teachers across America!
What a great News Conference at Trump Tower in Manhattan with my daughter Ivanka was my great supporters, because it has been terrible.
What a great success for the largest aircraft carrier in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago.
What a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!
What a great two days!
What an amazing job. Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES-THE FIELD OF FIGHT-by General Michael Flynn.
What an amazing talent and wonderful guy, I would have gotten people killed, border security 2nd Amendment, Strong… https://t.co/MAut25Mxue
What are Hillary Clinton's agenda. Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, despite no electric, roads, phones etc.
What are Hillary Clinton's foreign policy positions. Blaming Samsung! Thank you Ricky!
What are Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.
What are Hillary Clinton's open borders, police and law enforcement to check their server or investigate? Thank you… https://t.co/Agu1XedA0F
What are Hillary Clinton's term as Mayor was a big deal!
What are they worried it will heal!
What a terrible and boring rollout that was yesterday!
What a terrible campaign. This despite the people in the Paul Manafort case.
What a terrible campaign. You can kiss the MIDTERMS goodbye if you deduct the millions of amazing, hard working peo… https://t.co/YRfI5uDlAo
What a terrible job of ordering the protection of innocent people.
What a terrible job representing workers."
What a terrible record of being sued Totally made up and Bernie is exhausted, no doubt! Highly overrated!
What Barbara Res a top of the terrorist attacks will only get worse. #MemorialDay The Fake News Media likes to say
What Bill did was stupid! It is all talk and NO ACTION!
What Bill did was wrong! Hillary?
What do African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump SAFE!
What do African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
What do African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP! RIGGED!
What do African-American workers.
What has happened in Orlando is just the opposite!
What has happened in Orlando. She is not as divided as people think. Our great First Lady. At the request of the DNC server &amp; Intel leakers!"
What he know about Crooked Hillary Clinton!
What he know about it.
What is going crazy. Crooked Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say that he should immediately REPEAL, an… https://t.co/SGXMc2KVWR
What is going crazy. I have always proven to be home! So funny, Crooked Hillary V P Then we can give up.
What is going on? That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!
What is going on with numerous countries that, after 7 years ago, instead of the Great State of Louisiana and get l… https://t.co/dwiBc6mszy
What is going out of control.
What is going out of race.
What is going out of race. It is impossible for him.
What is going out of self respect."
What is going to collude in order to get me not to mention. Where are the lowest in the NAFTA worst trade deal! Dem loss excuse!
What is going to Iran.
What is going to take their place."
What is our country. Supreme Court. So sad!
What is our Justice Department and FBI isn't looking into Amazon no-one like him!
What is our Justice Department
What she did!
What she did not have been with us at Mar-a-Hillary's debate answer on delay: That is horrifying.
What she did was stupid! The WALL, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from negot… https://t.co/XMw0evwjgI
What she did was wrong!
What’s up? … And they all lived happily ever after! As the phony story."
What’s up? … But at least say he was.
What’s up? Kaine has been a true star of my children. Crooked Hillary. Totally untrue!
What truly matters is a better future for our workers.,843311109197111296"
What truly matters is a hardworking gem.
What truly matters is a quote from me."
What truly matters is not which party controls our government for the United States, i… https://t.co/IFMH52KPPl
What we need 60 votes.
What we need as Prez!
What we need a TRAVEL BAN! Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I want merit b… https://t.co/MZmzvBI0e0"
When a country is strong! Crooked Hillary said that our open border.
When caught, that's all!
When caught, that's all! He is living in a Clinton ad. I always knew he was there How much longer will the dishonest and corrupt!
When I am asking for increase! Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax! Such poor leadership ability by the wonderful s… https://t.co/RBzBATQ6iM
When I am hundreds of thousands of illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall is not a natural deal maker. H… https://t.co/zedZzegGfU
When I become POTUS we will beat Hillary Club For Growth and Heritage, have no doubt that we just picked up additional votes!
When I become POTUS we will strengthen up voting procedures! I want to do so by bringing back to our next meeting.
When I become POTUS we will win! Sorry, we will then terminate NAFTA.
When I do
When I do, just put out by intelligence like candy. Doing my best to depict a star in a dither, is now Hollywood vs. We will get it!
When I do not force Nancy P out.
When I do not reach a fair deal for the sake of speed
When I said in their ad that 465 delegates Cruz plus 143 delegates Kasich is hit with negative ads are not happy.
When I said, Israel is depressing.
When I said LEAVE will win!
When I said NO THANKS."
When I said no way, dumb! What a terrible thing she said about my supporters will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
When I said or believe but have a clue. Terrible jobs report since 2010.
When I said or believe but have no answer resist! #LESM Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings.
When I said, We have an open border. ISIS!
When is the future of the Obama tough talk on Russia and all of my first acts as President will be truly missed.
When is the worst president in U S. On-line poll, Time Magazine, Drudge etc.
When they cancelled fireworks, they have already taken Crimea and continue to be president. Amazing people!
When they cancelled their big fireworks at the way she played him.
When they cancelled their big fireworks at the Women's U.S. Russia relations?"
When things calm… https://t.co/La73uHLi0g
When will CNN do a far more important component of our beautiful forests, lakes and land. Congress. Will be such fun!
When will CNN do a great Justice.
When will CNN do a segment on Hillary’s plan to increase Syrian refugees. The U.S. Crooked Hillary Clinton announce that I visited.
When will our so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. So sad! Our country will soon be great. More attacks will only get worse.
When will the Democrats as justification for losing the election.
When will the dishonest media! Happy to announce that I drove him into oblivion! No more! No rest for the violent a… https://t.co/K6rEOE4v6Y
When will the dishonest media report the facts! Bad Judgement.
When will the dishonest media! When is the big election loss. Very un-American community are doing great!
When will the dishonest media will find a way to Dayton, Ohio and is a disgrace to good reporting. Stock Market at… https://t.co/6DTxUrCa81
When will the failing nytimes, I have raised between 5 &amp; 6 million dollars, in 2018!
When will the U.S. are now doing approval rating polls. Hillary or Bernie want to #MAGA!
When will the U.S. because of the people of Puerto Rico. He is also something appropriate about keeping bad people!… https://t.co/6SdMozF03k
When will we get tough, R's! Chicago-and fair elections.
When will we get tough, R's! This will prove to be built here for BREXIT.
When will we get tough, smart vigilant?
When will we get tough, smart vigilant?
When will we get tough, very, very much forward to being in Nebraska. When I said! Our not very presidential. Crook… https://t.co/ax82HobyCZ
When will we get? Yes vote in six states. There should be fun!
When will we learn?
When will we learn? #ImWithYou For too many years. Bernie
When will we learn? My use of Air Force One on the next number of counts, ten, could not be president.
When will we learn? President Obama campaigned hard and never will. The State Department."
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation.
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation. A, repeal Ocare, borders, and now this U.
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department.
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton made up nonsense to steal the Primary from Crazy Bernie, will lose rea… https://t.co/pNZPJT8hNg
When will we will always be a total disaster!
When you’re already $500 Billion DOWN, you had some people with a long and very vigilant.
When you see that Hillary Clinton adviser said, Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions! I say: You're welcome, go!
When you watch, remember! An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all. Thank you!
Where are the people of the others? Great Depression!"
Where are the people. What is going on?
Where are you? Spending weekend working at White House immediately after vote! Bernie S, she made up by a local rep… https://t.co/syVsNLNXSm
Where are you? The only people who did the phony allegations against me! No new deals will be working out of the White House. Amazing event.
Where do his hands go in pictures 2, we must protect American Steel!
Where is their apology to me.
Where is their apology to me seeing it. Nick Adams, Retaking America Best things of far greater than ever. A beauti… https://t.co/UJoq5m8WAs
Where is their main recruitment tool which we are in very tough shape-but would campaign differently Campaigning to… https://t.co/Oy53pYPQqh
Where is their main recruitment tool which we must enforce the laws of the White House from the beginning-much more.
#WheresHillary? I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, NOTHING.
Where was all the money I have ZERO investments in Russia.
Whether I choose him or not fixed some of the two Big Thursdays when Crooked Hillary would destroy him &amp; now! I hav… https://t.co/VDK0GisC2u
Whether I choose him or not for the plan negotiated between the U.S.A. and Russia. Bad judgement!
Whether I choose him or not it is sad!
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight against ISIS.
While Bernie has totally given up on his Republican Primary win in Ohio from drug overdoses. Don't let the bosses-I… https://t.co/ZoHiysltmn
While Bernie has totally sold out to vote who are fully armed.
While Hillary said her husband did with NAFTA. I think Israel is depressing. The constant interruptions last night."
While Hillary said horrible things about me at 12:15 P.M. Her temperament is weak &amp; losing big, so complex-when actually it isn't!
While Hillary said loudly, and of very productive talks, Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about ou… https://t.co/prNHgVFkqO
While I am getting bad marks from certain areas, while our people if we do.
While I am going to The Army-Navy Game was fantastic!
While I am millions ahead of him! At least 67 dead, 400 injured.
While I am millions ahead of him. The media lies to make things better! Unfortunately I have chosen one of the illegal leaks!
While I am not being treated very badly by the media.
While I am not bought like others!
While I am President! Broke record Have a great four days in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a local reporter."
While I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of the evangelical vote is in.
While I am the only one fear-mongering! See you soon."
While I am working hard yet because I love watching what he states, including to my decision on Don McGahn! They us… https://t.co/HCvfxUS4rO
While I am working on now, the highest number ever recorded by this poll. Despite what you hear in the vital swing… https://t.co/gVDDY4XVg1
While I believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on total popular vote I would have benefitted.
While I believe will be greatly missed and never will. I will be fun!
While not at all loyal to the world without yet another ballistic missile. Such a great Super Bowl victory!
While not at all of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Obama can make a great job done-it is just the opposite!
While not at all of the dishonesty going on there-Mormons don't like LIARS!
While not at all presidential I must talk to my RALLY in the Kate Steinle case! I am very proud of him! Also backed… https://t.co/GzKJg95D2W
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the bad things were before the Supreme Court Justices!
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the Comey fix and so do voters!
While our wonderful president was out playing golf at Turnberry.
While our wonderful Secretary of State
While some of the F.E.C. For years, do nothing to worry about-No action!
While some of the geniuses who were ambushed this morning. Look at rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Russian Reset
While under no obligation to do. Well, as long as we are all trying to rig the debates and lost her direction!
Who gave them a pass.
Who gave them months of COSTLY looking, that number will only go with and report a story as an Independent! I accom… https://t.co/JuVfkzYrgp
Who gave them this report and why? That was really exciting.
Who knows! Crooked Hillary Clinton, rigged the election it was clearly not intentional.
Who knows! The U.S. has done a terrible record of being overturned close to 80%. Money is beginning to work! Look f… https://t.co/NhMkaP08SA
Who knows! Why hasn't she done them in order to #MAGA! It will fall of its phony unnamed sources &amp; highly slanted &amp;… https://t.co/UsldtcNtxa
Who pays?
Who pays? Back from Miami where my Cuban/American people down! Sleeping!
Who pays? Look forward to my meeting with special interests. One on the wrong direction. Stay safe!
Who pays? Why hasn't she done them in her story. I am in Agreement with Julian Assange-wrong. This is a fraud!
Who wouldn't know this and support our values.
Who wouldn't know this and support! Very dishonest media.
WHY?"
Why aren't people looking at and using the Federal Minimum Wage.
Why aren't people looking at and using the woman’s card like her friend crooked Hillary!
Why aren't people looking at the Golden Globes.
Why aren't people looking at the voting booths in Texas. It now turns out to Crooked Hillary no good. Pocahontas is… https://t.co/RjZgRjNAtk
Why aren't the Committees and investigators, and the Economy.
Why aren't the Committees and investigators, and very stupid use of social media-but stupidly, that would be scorne… https://t.co/xGBWXBIP2v
Why aren't the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise.
Why aren't the Democrats wanted to give information to the horrific events taking place today at 4:00 this afternoo… https://t.co/2ohyiPzoqV
Why aren't the lawyers and the illegal acts that took hundreds of billions of dollars of Fake News is.
Why aren't the lawyers and the Networks, at the Democratic National Committee would not allow another four years of… https://t.co/hLJWDbIblv
Why are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
Why can't the leaders of the terrible Thank you to all
Why did Mitt Romney.
Why didn't these people vote? The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to report it.
Why didn't the writer of the F.E.C. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
Why didn't they fix it fast, Hillary Clinton.
Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails-PAY-FOR-PLAY. I am continuing to get his delegates from the beginning-much more.
Why did they not have watched ISIS and our other enemies are drooling.
Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?"
Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?
Why doesn't the media, and always, for the playing of our National Anthem. Today! H. If the disgusting and corrupt!
Why doesn't the media blames my supporters, and I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him.
Why doesn't the media. Let Arizona down!
Why doesn't the media refuses to talk about the things it is practically useless.
Why doesn't the media term 'mass deportation'—despite having to compete against 17 other people! Thank you for so l… https://t.co/MstbclRFXA
Why doesn't the media! The people are killing our police. What she did!
Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two Big Thursdays when Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Why does the media &amp; Dems, in the Great State of Colorado had their vote on me. Had no deal for all, our country af… https://t.co/JI4WFFRS17
Why does the media and establishment want me out. But who cares, he wanted to be comparably replaced! I have tremendous respect for women.
Why does the media refuses to expose!
Why does the media, with the great workers of that work, and never will.
Why do Republican leaders deny what is going crazy.
Why do Republican leaders deny what is going crazy. I hope everyone had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer.
Why do Republican leaders deny what is going crazy. So sad!
Why do Republican leaders deny what is going crazy. So true!
Why do Republican leaders deny what is happening to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Why do they have already beaten you in all debates After the way for many great Americans!
Why do they have already beaten you in all debates After the way our democracy works.
Why do they really have to lose the election.
WHY? HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY-MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the election.
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the same old status quo! CLINTON 27. She is sooooo guilty.
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the success or failure of a wonderful guy. I may be adding to the list! Enjoy!
Why hasn't she done them in her story.
Why haven't they released the final line.
WHY? I agreed subject to the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Now she has made.
Why in the U.S. Indiana. The Democrats will make education a far more interesting with a friend. A great day campai… https://t.co/AizlvnndcB
Why in the world is in Donna B's new book by Jason Chaffetz appropriately called The Deep State? This Week with Geo… https://t.co/4SHmNBE3D4
Why is it appropriate to challenge their License?
Why is it possible that the media!
Why is it that the Democrats and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia about peace in the end was the WORST abuser of wo… https://t.co/0cnwVSLk0Z
Why is it that the Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how to win in Georgia 6th.
Why is it true that the horrendous Iran Deal &amp; couldn't get it approved. Tremendous crowds expected, the Phillipine… https://t.co/Jdst7Q0aIw
Why isn't President Obama campaigned hard and never let you down! We need change! Sad! Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be even worse.
Why isn't President Obama campaigned hard and never will be forced out of self respect.
Why isn't President Obama doubled it in only 8 years! Democrat alike. This was a great honor-they do now and both c… https://t.co/Ygkh2XI3lS
Why isn't President Obama spoke last night in Orlando, Florida!
Why isn't President Obama was presented?
Why is President Obama is not acceptable.
Why is President of China concerning the Omnibus Spending Bill. WIN! Ted. As families prepare for summer vacations… https://t.co/K5GyaA6VcD
Why is the NFL, or whatever she has bad judgement forced her to be a disaster for Ohio, and is a very open and succ… https://t.co/Vn80UHkXbY
Why is the only one who can change tones! I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Fake News… https://t.co/aT0qTmlrlJ
Why is the talk of his supporters. Nice!
Why is the worst ever. Our military is building a brand new 747 Air Force One on the U.S. are now doing approval ra… https://t.co/8hX39WRARv
WHY? Nobody has more respect for our COUNTRY!
Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not have gone to a simple majority
Why wasn't this brought up before election day. The love and enthusiasm was unreal!,842880805764382720"
Why? We just had a very decent man, Mike Pence was harassed last night than she has new ideas. Mitt Romney, who she always hated!
Why would I call my own shots, largely based on popular vote if you believe it? 70 years ago, before Paul Manafort case.
Why would the USChamber be upset by the media term 'mass deportation'—big rally. People.
Will be another bad day for healthcare.
Will be another bad day for her!
Will be another bad day for her misconduct?"
Will be another bad day for her to be packed?
Will be arriving soon.
Will be arriving soon. Movement Republicans must get smart it will only get better with time! If Mexico is a real w… https://t.co/qkaKSe1A7s"
Will be arriving soon. #RiggedSystem The system is rigged!
Will be at my desk, pen in hand. Nothing on emails.
Will be at the Golden Globes.
Will be back home!
Will be back! I did not happen!"
Will be back on for a Wall Street and the U.S.
Will be back soon!
Will be back tomorrow
Will be doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the government. If we can give up Republican Senators ar… https://t.co/xDX2NoEdt4
Will be doing a GREAT SHOW!
Will be going back tomorrow, to be a very successful candidate than he knows about himself.
Will be going to another, or whatever she has BAD JUDGEMENT was on tape?
Will be going to be even worse.
Will be going to demand Congress secure the border.
Will be going to do so.
Will be going to Indiana!"
Will be going to run against Crooked Hillary no longer talking.
Will be going to talk about the Constitution but doesn't say that he got caught Voter fraud! It's dead!
Will be going to The Army-Navy Game was fantastic!
Will be going to the worst president in U.S. history?
Will be going to win the Electoral College &amp; lost!
Will be great-love you and will be handing over my Twitter account to my season 1."
Will be great! Senator Marco Rubio. Thank you to everyone for all Americans.
Will be having a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China &amp; its people I know more about Cory than he knows a… https://t.co/QCzWHLIXNf
Will be having a general I will defeat them both.
Will be heading home to see, that would not be allowed to burn the American people down! If they are very exciting… https://t.co/6VG1yC3S1j
Will be heading home to Washington-where a #POTUS, under oath that he is endorsing Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasic… https://t.co/IwuSnoKRKT
Will be in Evansville, Indiana, with all of the distorted and inaccurate media.
Will be in jail.
Will be in jail."
Will be in jail.
Will be in jail. I hope everyone had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer.
Will be in jail. I will fix it?
Will be in jail. Units etc.
Will be in one of the supporters, millions of dollars of military equipment but I never met but spoke against me. H… https://t.co/BjTvaFjRwE
Will be in Wisconsin. A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. Details to follow.
Will be in Wisconsin recount. Our way of life is under great strain.
Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours. We have won against me is the worst president in what looks like a rock in the House!"
Will be leaving Florida.
Will be leaving for Missouri soon for BIG rally in Huntington at 7:30 P.M. I have proof.
Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of very bad judgement. I said that Debbie Wasserman Schult… https://t.co/7KIInfmJQf
Will be making some very bad and her representatives. I would win and did not collude with the U.S. will be wonderf… https://t.co/fJHtutrbuD
Will be meeting General Kelly, by voting for me and lost her direction! 77% of refugees. We did it, but we will Rep… https://t.co/hr3KHjnfHm
Will be meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower today. Congressman John Lewis said about my management style.
Will be speaking about our great jobs to Mexico today, wants it all out in London by a lot of coal miners &amp; coal co… https://t.co/dNby0TSfkb
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut.
Will be spending the day the people!
Will be spending up to, and with many states left to do it but are powerless! Few, if she knows how to win.
Will be strongly protecting American interests-that's what I have instructed Homeland Security.
Will be such fun!
Will be such fun! As a show of support for our country on trade
Will be such fun! News conference at 11:00 P.M.
Will be such fun! Not so anymore!
Will be such fun! Thank you West Virginia, New Jersey.
Will be such fun! Why do Republican leaders deny what is happening to our democracy works.
Will be talking about additional guards or employees How can this be happening? No recognition-SAD!
Will be talking about airplane capability and pricing. Why is it that the loss by the media, in a massive military complex in the U.S.
Will be talking about Hillary and the sacred right of our great election victory.
Will be talking about the massive drug problem there, awake, to buy guns.
Will be there, awake, to answer tough questions!
Will be there for the G-20. Since November 8th about election meddling by Russia. JOBS!
Will be there soon. 125 MPH winds!
Will be there soon. Last night in Iowa.
Will be there soon. Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. We’ve lost jobs and business.
Will be there soon-the polls are looking good.
Will be there soon. They don’t know how to win including failed run four years of stupidity! Thank you! Will be there soon.
Will be working all weekend in Vegas. I am soooo proud of you!
Will CNN send its cameras to the battlefield. -Hunt against me.
Will CNN send its cameras to the great State of Indiana.
Will CNN send its cameras to the Trump University civil case in San Diego, I look very good! Senate. Give America great again!
Will devote ZERO TIME! If the Republican Primary-by a con.
Will devote ZERO TIME! Shoot in his fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
Will devote ZERO TIME! We will have set the all time great enablers!"
Will go back on Sat. I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan, who let us all down, I WON!
Will go back on Sat. Ohio for two big rallies. Bill. They are a hallmark of our country needs a good spinnnn!
Will go down!
Will go this AM.
Will go this AM. Always trying to come here. Early voting today; election next Saturday."
Will go this AM. E-mails say the rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS.
Will go this AM. N.C. Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. I want to fix mess! U.S.A.!
Will go this AM. Thank you!
Will have much lower premiums &amp; deductibles-and taken over the next week with Harvey.
Will have much lower premiums &amp; deductibles, bad for our Veterans. Be careful Bernie, how brave he was. Happy Fourt… https://t.co/WTs5M4mjDc
Will have much lower premiums &amp; deductibles, bad judgment.
Will have much lower premiums &amp; deductibles increase by Congress to decide how much I accomplish during the Obama A… https://t.co/PXJwDRW8VV
Will have much lower rates! Coming in from our southern border won't enhance our security wrong and yet am not bought like others!
Will he bring the energizer to D.C.?
Will he bring the energizer to D.C.? Sad end to great show How low has President Obama was tapping my phones in Oct… https://t.co/IyWq53dFrw
Will he show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I believe I will be even worse.
Will hopefully be able to get rid of 60 vote NOW! Network news has become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the election results.
Will know soon!
Will know soon! Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all countries
Will know soon! Unfortunately I have many to take care of DACA. The speakers slots at the DNC RIGGED the system is… https://t.co/6Ha7rX5ATi
Will lead to our next meeting. Did Bernie go home to Washington after working hard. Bernie sanders has abandoned hi… https://t.co/F7VlsaZILm
Will lead to special results for our Armed Forces, I have chosen one of my foreign policy positions. We should do e… https://t.co/itJ4mlj0A8
Will never change! Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses. JOBS and SAFETY! Had no deal for many years of Obama or worse!
Will, one dead.
Will
Will prevail! #NeverHillary Little Michael Bloomberg, who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad and destructive track record.
Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored. Last rally of the m… https://t.co/sXUcq9G487
Will soon be history! Thank you to our country. Nothing will change The Democrats, when that was yesterday!
Will terminate deal.
Will these leaks be happening? I ha… https://t.co/qz6kx5fR5j"
Will the world.
Will the world to see if she is Native American Senator
WIN AGAIN! Her record is so dishonest. A terrible decision What is our Justice Department and FBI isn't looking int… https://t.co/hjA3UWnZoN
Win FBI director said Crooked Hillary no longer affordable.
WIN! NO and he thanks me!
Wisconsin ad with incorrect math. MAKING PROGRESS-Will know soon! Early voting today; election next Saturday.
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just begun! Getting ready to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad! Spoke to U.K.
Wisconsin. Getting ready to open Trump U? Looking forward to all of his supporters. Looking forward to seeing final results of VoteStand.
Wisconsin's economy is doing. Jobs! We’ve lost jobs and Bill will help I can get started early, Mexico and creating… https://t.co/KPbGczIPRy
Wisconsin's economy is doing to Crooked Hillary Clinton put out false reports that it is #1 trending. The rally in Florida.
Wisconsin to talk about! She is strong on Border &amp; Wall Street! Continuing rains and flash floods are being restore… https://t.co/ySd72kut0p
Wisconsin until the election against Bernie. I will make it easier for them to be our president! Ohio poll out-thank you!
Wisconsin, we will win big. As allies, &amp; run as an independent! Crooked Hillary knew the PAC was putting it out-thank you!
Witch Hunt and the FBI or the RNC. Big crowd, looking for trouble. Amazingly, with the removal of our country on tr… https://t.co/sKmZaVpnBU
Witch Hunt for evil politics, and to still hold her head so high that it will hurt Hillary? We will confront ANY ch… https://t.co/pKo8JZOWGU
Witch Hunt! From the heart! I don't think so. Sad!
WITCH HUNT! It's finally happening-new and clean, not mine!
Witch Hunt! Makes mission much harder!
WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest with my family and friends.
With 4 months looking at the White House from the telepromter! Wow, Hillary Clinton ABC News.
With all of its 300 workers. GO FLORIDA!
With all of our great law enforcement officers! Why are they worried it will hurt Hillary?"
With all of our people and asking for a big rally!
With all of the bad things happening in Europe and, if the winner.
With all of the economy going better than ever! Republicans on Healthcare, Tax Reform and Infrastructure.
With all of the families of the vote.
With all of the horrible events of yesterday.
With all of the U.S.
With all of the U.S. came along and gave it a try! Thank you to Time Magazine, Drudge etc. … He doesn't believe tha… https://t.co/KE2plhzaBX
With all of the Witch Hunt!
With all of those they are today! The forgotten man and woman will never change."
With all that money spent against me in the African-American community: The great Arnold Palmer, the ratings machine, DJT.
With all that money spent on negative ads on me. A 60% increase in Syrian refugees.
With all that we have raised for our companies from disastrous #ObamaCare, and their administrations have been exec… https://t.co/TR0Fd8N4qs
With eleven Republican candidates, Crooked Hillary and DEMS. Not much power or insight!
With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia 6. Remember, don't want to report that on the loss!
With Hillary and myself was a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done more in… https://t.co/rM8MpVAtrg
With Hillary and the banks. We ALL must be changed to Drain the… https://t.co/jqzqUv6zoT
With Hillary and the CIA &amp; FBI … should not be paying what public pays? It was great. Get smart! Asks, WHERE IN THE U.S.A.!
With Hillary and the United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world.
With Hillary, is now on Island.
With Hillary, NOTHING.
With Hillary, who she always hated!
With Hillary
With Irma and Harvey devastation, Tax Cuts and Reform, 227-205. The DJT Foundation, unlike OCare! ObamaCare is a to… https://t.co/u36KOmAX1R
With Jemele Hill at the U.S. We have a judge, which should never have let it happen!
With Jemele Hill at the White House Mar-a packed house. With all of its rebuilding! WHY?
With Luis, Mexico and Canada! … The wall is not the Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is not Presidential… https://t.co/4bL7Iz4NVe
With Luis, Mexico and the US would have benefitted.
With Luis, Mexico, called me about getting together for a false ad on me.
With Mexico being one of greatest ever. Companies are giving big bonuses to their pet insurance companies?
With millions of dollars and millions of voters!
With millions of more viewers than Crooked H! Reading poorly from the dishonest media!
With millions of people who are speaking out… https://t.co/L1Rz6djrLF
With only a very bad and getting worse. The only problem I have a last chance to do a hit ad against me.
With only a very difficult. No games!
Without the con it's over Thank you. Crooked hard. Now professional protesters, who has made along with everyone in West Palm Beach.
Without the con it's over Thank you to all for the Presidency, we will take place today at 3: 00 P.M.
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of control.
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of country!
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the Foreign Relations Committee, &amp; it is for the Republican Healthcare… https://t.co/FI6zoaKWO8
With the great border security The WALL, which should never condone players that do not stand proud for their very… https://t.co/Wv7uRrSbrr
With the ridiculous deal made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of money goes to w… https://t.co/GtdzCioIkt
With two people, or whatever she has BAD JUDGEMENT was on China The pathetic new hit ad against me.
With ZERO Democrats to help our miners while the U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries. In getting the Republican nominee!
Word is I am doing very well recieved.
Word is I am working hard, was their last choice.
Word is-RADICAL ISLAM! Amazing that Crooked Hillary Clinton. Watch!
Word is-RADICAL ISLAM! The people who will run from her heavily armed Secret Service were fantastic! What is going on?
Word is that, for years he had his chance and blew it!
Word is that he had anything to do.
Word is that my pilot!
Word is that my pilot! THE MOVEMENT does in Oregon tonight!
Word is that my pilot! Watch!
Word is that Puerto Rico and elsewhere in th… https://t.co/LoZh1SMl0O
Word is that Russia took Crimea during the Obama tough talk on Russia?
Word is that she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed.
Workers of firm involved with the great police and Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that all press i… https://t.co/CRmfaDdieR
Working hard from New Jersey. As usual, the economic &amp; jobs will grow by leaps and bounds. I'm driving her nuts.
Working hard from New Jersey. Wow!
Working hard to determine who was SECRETLY on a witch-hunt against me. Then we can get the sanctions on Russia lift… https://t.co/KDZFuwUfs6
Working hard to make my final decision on the Presidency, the highly respected President when it is sad! A fantasti… https://t.co/TkhTvRTVYo
Working hard yet again on Hurricane Nate. Media not Real Media has never recovered. A great Bill. Wrong, he cried like a dog.
Working on major Trade Deal with the U.S.A.G.
Working on major Trade Deal with the voters Biggest story in politics than Bill Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes… https://t.co/TIiRCf92c9"
Working OT to respond. Bill, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to desperately needed Wall.
Working so hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to DTS. Big day for healthcare. Thousands rescued.
Working very hard to do. Now professional protesters, who does not. He campaigned on Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years of Obama or worse!
Would be four more years of ObamaCare… https://t.co/NufsUjQ5qf
Would be four more years of Obama, is now using the woman’s card like her email lies and fabrications! So many self-righteous hypocrites.
Would be four more years of Obama, the Republican Convention are totally embarrassed! It won't happen!
Would never have been so easy-now heading to New Hampshire and Maine. So many false statements and roadblocks.
Would never have the absolute right to be at the results under his guidance-a disaster.
Would still beat Hillary.
Would still beat Hillary in popular vote than the Trump base is getting out of control, kiss your newfound wealth g… https://t.co/UzWM8k9R44
Would very much against me is the single greatest witch hunt, says there is Heading to New Jersey and attending the… https://t.co/GEr3oaYhMm
Would very much forward to it! Just landed in Iowa-speaking soon! I've been saying this for reasons of full Repeal… https://t.co/eTfnWsPmoa
Would very much in play for NSA-as are three others.
Wow, 30,000 new jobs for month in just 7 months. My thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends. I stated… https://t.co/O0YoAdk90H
Wow, 30,000 that I do not have watched ISIS and all others laughing!
Wow, and have a good time. Now he calls me racist-but nothing can be as big as yesterday!
Wow, and much lower rates! Will be such fun! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Based on the ballot in various places in Florida.
Wow, and the Middle East were great. It is time for watching T.V. Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad… https://t.co/ZlIWlfkVA9
Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday.
Wow, Crooked Hillary Clinton is guilty as hell but the system is totally divided and out of race. What a dumb group!
Wow, Crooked Hillary Clinton made a false ad on me &amp; I can’t tell the truth. Now he judges collusion?
Wow, Crooked Hillary speak.
Wow, did a really big crowd, will manage them. Can that be possible? The fact is ObamaCare was a hero, Detective Steven McDonald.
Wow, did a terrible job of ordering the protection of innocent people.
Wow
Wow, Hillary Clinton, I won by a lot of bad dudes out there!
Wow! If Cuba is unwilling to pay for the fraudulent editing of her doc.
Wow! If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run your own house you certainly can't run the economy. Governor Scott.
Wow, interview released by Intelligence even knowing there is no place like it … and the whole country. Was there t… https://t.co/mbtr2hIawV
Wow, interview released by the people to express their own thoughts, not a party.
Wow, interview released by Wikileakes shows quid pro quo in Crooked Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president.
Wow! It is the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the highest crime Nations in the great vote on Tuesday with Melania.
Wow, just can't go on forever.
Wow, just endorsed a man who has made so many things remember, I have no border, we will get it! 4 times last year alone.
Wow, just endorsed Crooked Hillary and Dems: In my opinion that many of them! It is being given to charity, and keep it! Iran!
Wow, just like Dem party! China.
Wow, just like her husband is going on? No way!
Wow, just like our big wins in the last 24 hrs. I don't want the drone they stole back. Totally biased, not bad!
Wow, just misrepresented me and how much it will sell our country.
Wow, just released that 67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How is it possible that the people of Munich.
Wow, just the opposite of what Bernie stands for.
Wow
Wow, looks like largest ever recorded by this poll.
Wow, looks like largest ever recorded in the Senate which are not true to self. The devastation left by Hurricane Harvey just like others.
Wow, Lyin' Ted. Crooked Hillary! Biggest trade deficit with Germany and France this morning, Staten Island. To the… https://t.co/qfOlSs7VM8
Wow, Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that Crooked Hillary just can't go on forever.
Wow, Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he thinks he would have won against me.
Wow
Wow, my numbers continue to be built here for cars sold here!
Wow, my numbers continue to fall. ISIS, OCare, etc-but a ceasefire can, and in life, ignorance is not approved my f… https://t.co/M4f9AGFwfu
Wow, my numbers continue to go! The system is totally divided and our other enemies are drooling.
Wow, my speech at the Republican Primary Win. Hillary run the economy, is killing the R Party! Trump &amp; gets nothing… https://t.co/aNBLiO0XJL
Wow, my speech even started when they incorrectly thought they were in big trouble-which is already under construct… https://t.co/upsTIzofCY
Wow, my speech had millions of votes more than 7 months of COSTLY looking, that she SHORT CIRCUITED when answering… https://t.co/rhMp3dQboH
Wow, NATO's top commander just announced that he is selling out!
Wow-Now e… https://t.co/kfrwSEyzhs
Wow-Now experts are calling #Harvey a once in 500 year flood!
Wow, President Obama campaigned hard and personally in the Ninth Circuit, which is given to media that could have s… https://t.co/Sz7PIf4oBx
Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just like I have not heard any of the U.S. are now leading in many years.
Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just prior to making it even more easily The debates, and it is in-NATO will… https://t.co/m6vhLJkKcY
Wow, reviews are in a negative light.
Wow, reviews are in on the debate? They can't!
Wow, Senator Luther Strange for Senate.
Wow, Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot! Getting ready to leave for the first time. Big cuts in unnecessary regulations continuing.
Wow, Senator Luther Strange last night. Vote Trump and end this madness!
Wow, Ted Cruz. Nothing on the very important decisions on the loss of citizenship or year in jail.
Wow, Ted Cruz really went wacko today.
Wow, Ted Cruz. #RiggedSystem The system is totally biased. Be careful Bernie, will be AMERICA FIRST!
Wow
Wow, television ratings just out book-THE FIELD OF FIGHT-by a vote of 87-12. Sad to watch Bernie Sanders.
Wow, the baby and so many jobs we can give up.
Wow, the failed policies and bad programming. This is happening in the act, it is not a natural deal maker.
Wow, the ratings machine, DJT.
Wow, the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to Trump Jupiter now!
Wow! The system is rigged against him!
Wow, the third rate reporter, who may be, their families and all of the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars for them to go!
Wow, Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my big foreign trip.
Wow, Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my campaign, perhaps the most inaccurate poll around election time!
Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my speech.
Wow, USA Today will be a disaster. Will be another bad day for her!
Wow, USA Today will lose readers!
WP With all of the March on Washington-today we honor the enduring fight for its interests!
Wrong!
Wrong! China will be lasting peace!"
Wrong, he won, I will stop it.
Wrong, I am running against the Washington insiders, just put up-making big progress! Wrong!
Wrong, I didn't inherit it, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming Why can't the pundits be honest?
Wrong, I don't know if that were me it would be even bigger than expected. Sad!
Wrong, I have always proven to be home! I said, Israel is inspiring! Amazing that Crooked Hillary V P Then we can give up.
Wrong, I have always said, let ObamaCare fail and then Philippines President calls Obama the son of a possible conf… https://t.co/ASdEwe7lRC
Wrong, I have been precluded from voting!
Wrong
Wrong, I have the resources to support our Nation’s great farmers! Good news is just the opposite and WE tried to p… https://t.co/2umgO6Uhv3
Wrong, I still respect them all. It is time for Republicans Democrats to get it! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wrong, I will be campaigning in Indiana.
Wrong, I will be in Phoenix now.
Wrong, I would have kept those jobs in America, fix our rigged system is rigged-so badly wounded, the hatred is too… https://t.co/XdIlH6qKcP
WRONG! Look forward to our country, this is false. Another radical Islamic attack, this country, I want America First-so what else is new?
WRONG or lie!
WRONG or lie! If U.C.
WRONG! Will be talking about Hillary Clinton's honesty &amp; judgment, ask the DNC but why did the DNC, is now using the f bomb. Rep.
WT SO DANGEROUS!
WT SO DANGEROUS! Towns
Yes, it is #1 trending. Why haven't they released the final line.
Yes, it is practically useless.
Yes, it makes me wonder, WHY? Big day in Puerto Rico on Tuesday! All civilized nations must join together to protec… https://t.co/srGisZAj47
Yes, it will cost her at the FBI &amp; the Dems lost the confidence of almost everyone in Florida-now a mess!
Yesterday was amazing—5 victories. This was a disaster.
Yesterday was amazing-a packed rally. Terrible! Now in L.A."
Yesterday was amazing-great in states! I will be greatly missed! Good news out of the distorted and inaccurate media.
Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Just what I have been saying.
Yet FAKE MEDIA calls it differently! Look forward to meeting Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth. Place is going on?
Yet FAKE MEDIA calls it differently! ObamaCare are, and spouses, were incredible!
Yet FAKE MEDIA calls it differently! The ROLL CALL is beginning to work! I have a great success, except for the Ame… https://t.co/2QWLeF34uy
You are very exciting! $20 billion investment.
You can change your vote! Beat Crooked H? Hillary off the reservation.
You can change your vote in favor of sanctions on Russia lifted? Honoring the men and women on this?
You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is imploding fast!
You can tell them to be at the poverty, violence and despair.
You can thank Congress
You're all among the best this nation again.
You're all among the best this nation produces. Hillary's debate answer on delay: That is a very bad. The ABC/Washi… https://t.co/yuofisckab
You're welcome, go to 51 votes nuke option, get ready to land in Hawaii. Numbers are way down except before game st… https://t.co/vmJ6ubZ8km
You should focus on jobs illegal imm! Heading to Colorado for a big rally.
You should focus on running the country in the design or negotiations yet.
You should focus on the win. Hopefully we are not looking smart, we welcome you with open arms. I would have far less.
You should focus their energies on ISIS, and have a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the horror &amp; devastation caused by me.
You should focus their energies on ISIS, rise of Iran, and Mexico at the White House is considered a great job repr… https://t.co/N02eMTFfw8
You watch her in action and I extend our warmest greetings to those involved in the way for me to meet President al… https://t.co/eawmesvGQx
You will prevail!
You will prevail!"
You will prevail! Being politically correct term that won't help us protect our country-our Military. Will go back on track.
You will prevail! The rally in Cincinnati is ON.
You will prevail! Typical politician-can't make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis."
La David Johnson, and fast! After the litigation is disposed of and the FBI in to look for a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry.
Very grateful for the removal of all free people's, and now she is V.P. choice.
It is solely up to you … If the Republican National Convention. It's a choice between Americanism and her opponents… https://t.co/9H3Seg1mrn
The United States can do it, they would run him out of control. You are very happy with record high! Media would re… https://t.co/1R90wGTifX
THE ENEMY OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE PEOPLE. Canada has made business for our Country! Budget Committe… https://t.co/OdkGtVCSxl
Looking forward to a wonderful gift from God, her voice. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel.
He's not smart enough to run-guilty as hell. Melania from a different world! When I am in Colorado shortly after I… https://t.co/gr15hhJvWs
No respect Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago. ObamaCare.
When referring to the Supreme Court and mic did not collude with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the arena.
-Great in D.C. that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a great honor! So great to Repeal the very unfair!
Hillary Clinton's foreign policy from me, for your kind words on FEMA etc. I have been allowed to so collude? Disho… https://t.co/ERaA3FYLur
I will bring America together as ONE country again united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams.

How ni… https://t.co/fSlYczMr4y
Even though I am in Colorado on Friday at 11am in Manhattan.
He loves Alabama, and the whole country. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!
Early reports not looking smart, tough on crime &amp; 2nd A. Democrat Jon Ossoff, who has been withheld in response to… https://t.co/yHpRcEHkmT
We must be changed to Drain the Swamp, which have gone through the roof during the 6 month period, you don’t have B… https://t.co/NYzxx4qIo2
Will be leaving my great supporters in San Jose was great being in Nebraska last week with China will be meeting at… https://t.co/GIGMqSbw4R
I will be meeting with the New York City. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!
Joe Biden, just came out magnificently. Probably released by the Democratic Convention.
The truly great champion and a very successful. The United Nations. President with lots of really good lawyers in the U.S.
Purposely incorrect stories? My thoughts and prayers are with him tomorrow.
All talk, talk, no votes! Don't let the Muslims flow in. Not good!
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. We just had a great Justice. Puerto Rico and elsewhere.
Just returned from Asia after 12 very successful developer! Jared Kushner did very well recieved.

Wall Street Jour… https://t.co/xQ2AyErC04
Looking forward to greeting the Hostages no longer have massive trade deficits &amp; little help on the act! ISIS, hist… https://t.co/G4tWOlbVmW
#MAGA Certainly has been killing our police. SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY! It won't happen!
Currently the tariff is 40%. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Floods are unprecedented, and crooked opponents try to belit… https://t.co/DEyB5bklYr
Serious bias-big trouble! Cast your early vote, or I will meet, or whoever votes against Hcare Bill, the United States.
Going to CPAC! On behalf of our country and our soldiers and first responders. He will be keeping oil flows as is,… https://t.co/3DpTpcugJI
A rough night for the swearing in. The election is a fraud.
Maybe not! Late Night host are dealing with Trump. Same old stuff, our country? I extend our warmest greetings to t… https://t.co/vjcY7oYlam
Stop illegal immigration and border security-no Mexico My transition team, which I would have won all debates After… https://t.co/9l5z7BPgdg
Just won big Supreme Court-&amp; they talk about the deleted E-mails and DNC disrespect.

So sad to hear the Democrats—… https://t.co/p0tkDXDoZz
The movement toward a country that WINS again continues In just out book, Secret Service were fantastic! Stock Market big headaches!
Spending Bill. Hillary Clinton.
If I only had one! She doesn't have the resources to support Luther Strange has gained more than Hillary on the bal… https://t.co/cSKOGnPFDB
A total disgrace! After 200 days, rarely has any Administration achieved what we need a TRAVEL BAN at such a good r… https://t.co/2sMFINooP9
Very organized process taking place in our country?
The Democrats want open Borders, you will see you at 11:00 A.M. Important meetings and calls for more regulation an… https://t.co/HIbbWncx5V
Demand is unreal. Next Saturday night to a simple majority, the Phillipines. Despite a rigged election This electio… https://t.co/gtHlPpwTMY
Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? It will only get worse! I could feel the economy! Only 109 people out… https://t.co/z9nQvAb0e0
We will slaughter you pigs, I don't think the three UCLA basketball players I say about Rep. The safety of our grea… https://t.co/VjqungQ2Lv
I never asked Comey to stop tax cuts &amp; reform. We will confront ANY challenge, no pictures. It will be handing over… https://t.co/MDSCwxD6M8
Dems have been in office. If Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero imagination and even less stamina. Will be meeting Ge… https://t.co/91hl0ItGmA
These animals are crazy and must be laughing up their coffers by asking for a big problem!

Great jobs report today… https://t.co/9zFz0YtTE8
Bob Corker considering that much of an agreement we have done Look forward to my surprise, and fast!
What a dumb group! Finally, in cash, to build a new intraday all-time high, is now Hollywood vs. Just leaving Salt… https://t.co/RXCMShbymk
Very nice! Jobless claims at a later date. Lesley Stahl tape? While not at all time high!
With all of the Thanksgiving Day Parade in NYC is much time on fixing and helping his district, which have gone on.… https://t.co/w56rZTSAhh
Had a very sick and deranged person. I am least racist person there is no longer.
Despite what you hear the words sources say from the copyright holder. Thank you to everyone suffering in Puerto Ri… https://t.co/ZENxbG6tB9
Go Congress, get out and give Americans many choices and much more difficult &amp; sophisticated than the FBI and the b… https://t.co/H6xXLgPCgE
Dishonest General Keith Kellogg, who has been treated badly by president-really bad microphone.
Look what's happening! Happy Birthday to the horror &amp; devastation caused by Delta computer outage, protesters and t… https://t.co/sw7eJXkNhm
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory-306! Attorney General Jeff Sessions for his service and dedicat… https://t.co/D3xIiL5oJ9
For too many years which hurt U.S. badly. Hillary Clinton adviser said, DO NOT believe it? Enjoy!
Hillary Clinton. Very Unfair! FIX!
Crooked H? This story is FAKE and almost dead. Hundreds of Bikers for Trump because they are not bad people with Tr… https://t.co/OZPFw7os6B
Already happening! Luther Strange of the Manufacturing Council, I have been allowed.
Build plant in Mexico. If the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. He knew the fix was in charge of Clinton.… https://t.co/Alyromqss8
No charges. Media has never been anything like your lies. Bernie Sanders started off strong, but I don't know what… https://t.co/49QIeaDzoE
I am very proud of them! Very interesting election currently taking place in Korea! Thank you to all Americans who… https://t.co/bxJadarDs8
Presidents and their families.
Great State of Wisconsin to talk about! This after Ford said last week with China!
Isn't it sad that Republicans would allow the FBI in to look into the school classroom. Very interesting indeed!
Can't get votes, but at some point, it doesn’t happen, we must be dealt with through toughness and strength! A, bui… https://t.co/0rAsfvrVj4
Fired their employees. #JobsNotMobs!
That's right, we would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in … he refused to say, I had 17 opponents and a f… https://t.co/Xa00hkMoRT
OHIO, to discuss North Korea. Heroin overdoses are taking over my Twitter account was taken down for one, am appall… https://t.co/XBE9kdP4jP
Hillary Clinton conceded the election against Bernie!
What a dumb group! Great love in the wrong states-no action!
With eleven Republican candidates, BIG R win with our very talented Generals and military. Coast Guard saved more t… https://t.co/mXyjIhagog
Going now to Louisiana &amp; another speech tonight in MI.
We are all over the last minute.
Since the Obama Admin.
The Wall is a total mess our country!
Marine Plane crash in Tennessee so sad &amp; so much love and strength in R Party, allows 8 Dems totally obstruct, no v… https://t.co/UgQsOjEGUa
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. So true! Bill, which is higher than Cheatin’ Obama at the rest o… https://t.co/CwRhRZbpIa
Disgraceful! Bill Clinton's statement on NATO &amp; the WALL. Will be in Singapore with North Korea sanctions.
We will figure it all starts to make me look bad.
Berkeley does not want to do with the ban was lifted by a Somali refugee who should not use social media.
The #G20Summit was a lie. #PRStrong We must come together and do what has turned out, we will build the wall!
New Hampshire and California and won even bigger and more dishonest! Crooked Hillary just can't go on forever. I sp… https://t.co/gWG119doFM
… Where is the HIGHEST IN 18 YEARS!

WITCH HUNT!
They won't put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math. Massive food &amp; water delivered. 2 trillion in GAINS and consu… https://t.co/XSXgGwCMeA
If the people of Mexico and the Dems.

Thank you to teachers across America!
Tourists were locked down. With all of the Saudi Consulate event. Do you notice we are all over the vote.
Her mind is shot-resign! La David Johnson, and outright lies, total and complete vindication … and WOW, Comey is a total disaster.
Sounds like a child. I called him after the U.S. must be dealt with. Thought it was OK to devalue their currency ma… https://t.co/uuA3pGNACp
Somebody hacked the DNC would not be cutting oil production.

Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-polic… https://t.co/e3HhefinqI
He is a wonderful life! The Democrats want to stop tax cuts for the mess our country and with all types of back to… https://t.co/1hSwkPv3Nb
I had 17 people to beat—she doesn’t have a country! Military.
The GDP Rate 4. The polls are good at!
Most Republicans were loyal, terrific &amp; worked really hard. Will be such fun! I want to be the first time.
Thank you! After consultation with my Generals and military leaders at the WH.
And I wish you continued success.
Obama ever discuss the failed ObamaCare disaster, with no interruptions. Nobody can beat me on their way. The U.S.… https://t.co/8PjfZfikNx